---
title: Ponyo
---

Fujimoto has forsaken the human race and now lives under the sea with his brood
of children. One of his daughters, Brunhilde, runs away and visits the surface.
She meets a young boy, Sosuke, and they form an immediate bond. Sosuke, unaware
that she is anything more than a fish, nicknames her "Ponyo." Fujimoto sends
water spirits to retrieve Brunhilde. Back at their home, Brunhilde refuses to
answer to her given name and only answers to "Ponyo." She attempts to grow
human-like appendages so she can be like Sosuke. Fujimoto subdues her for the
time being. Fujimoto is actually hard at work brewing elixirs to cultivate ocean
life. When released, they will trigger an explosion of life not seen since
ancient times. This event would flood the surface and wipe out humankind.
Fujimoto is not troubled by this, and sees it as fit punishment for humanity's
excesses.

Ponyo escapes from her confinement and stumbles into Fujimoto's lab. The elixirs
allow her to complete her transformation into a human child. She races to the
surface and reunites with Sosuke. Ponyo has also gained magic powers from the
elixirs, and entertains Sosuke with them. Ponyo's actions in Fujimoto's lab
cause an imbalance in nature, generating tsunamis. Sosuke's hometown floods as a
result. Fujimoto calls upon Ponyo's mother, the Mother of the Sea, to figure out
how to set things right. While Fujimoto still desires to bring Ponyo home, her
Mother thinks it's best to allow her to remain a human. If Ponyo completely
transforms, she would lose her magic powers and restore balance. Fujimoto is
apprehensive. Ponyo needs love to become a human, otherwise the transformation
will fail and she will turn to sea foam.

Sosuke and Ponyo venture out into the flooded city to find Sosuke's mother,
Lisa. As they travel, Ponyo becomes more and more tired, and begins to revert to
her fish form. Sosuke reunites with Lisa, who has been talking with the Mother
of the Sea. She speaks to Sosuke and asks him if he loves Ponyo for who she is,
regardless of whether she is a fish or a human. Sosuke does, and Ponyo's Mother
casts the spell to complete Ponyo's transformation. Sosuke must kiss the bubble
carrying Ponyo's fish form to finish the spell. The flood waters recede from the
town. As Sosuke looks over the scene, Ponyo leaps from his hands into his face,
kissing him first.
