---
title: The Adventure of Kigan Castle
---
Ensai is a traveling Buddhist monk in search of relics to take back to Japan. He buys the freedom of Osumi, a wayward Japanese slave, who joins him. They discover an abandoned temple in the desert containing relics of the Buddha. Ensai desires to bring them to Kotan and have them verified. En route they enter the realm of Pesil, ruled by a paranoid and violent king who fears strangers. The king has Ensai arrested, but Osumi escapes.

Osumi learns that traitors in the king’s court are plotting a coup. To allay suspicion they are poisoning the king’s mind against his own people. Osumi infiltrates the castle, but the king captures him and sentences him to death. Ensai pleads with the king to release Osumi to deliver the relics to Kotan. If Osumi fails to return in three days, Ensai agrees to die in Osumi’s place. The king accepts the arrangement and frees Osumi. The coup plotters fear that if Osumi succeeds, he will restore the king’s trust in the people. They send out bandits to ambush Osumi.

Osumi has the relics verified in Kotan, but on the return to Pesil he is waylaid by the bandits. Osumi survives and returns on the third day, as Ensai prepares for execution. Osumi’s devotion to Ensai moves the king to repentance, and he releases them both. The traitors immediately seize the castle and bar the entrance. Osumi leads the counterattack against the coup and triumphs. The king seeks to grant Osumi a royal title, but Osumi and Ensai sneak away on their next adventure.