---
title: Avalon
---

In a dystopian future, there is an illegal virtual reality game called "Avalon."
The outlawed game has a strong underground following. Players complete
high-stakes missions to earn cash and make a living. One of the higher-ranking
players is a woman named Ash. She used to be a member of Team Wizard, the most
elite team in the game's history. Team Wizard disbanded after they failed a
mission by triggering a game reset. Ash meets Stunner, one of her old Wizard
teammates. Stunner tells her that their former team captain, Murphy, is in a
coma. Murphy went "ghost hunting" in Avalon. Capturing a "ghost" will open up a
new level of Avalon called "Special A." It's considered an urban legend. Murphy
lost his consciousness inside the game, and his body is now in a vegetative
state.

Ash catches the attention of another elite player, Bishop. Bishop offers his
help to reach Special A in exchange for a favor. Bishop, Ash, and Stunner form a
new team and enter a challenging high-stakes mission. During the mission they
spot the ghost. Bishop and Stunner repel enemies while Ash chases the ghost.
When she catches it, it triggers a game reset and she awakens at her VR
terminal. Bishop communicates with her and tells her that she is in fact inside
a level called "Class Real." This level is the impossible goal of Avalon, meant
to lure players and keep them engaged. No one should actually enter it. One
rogue player has, and Bishop's favor is for Ash to oust him from Class Real.

When Ash exits the game center, she emerges in a world so lifelike, it even puts
the real world to shame. She arrives at a concert hall, where she meets Murphy.
Ash confronts Murphy over the mission that ended Team Wizard. She believes
Murphy chose a difficult mission on purpose to drive the team apart. That way he
could ghost hunt solo. Murphy refuses to sign out of Class Real; he has already
accepted it as his new reality. He tries to convince Ash that Class Real _is_
reality, and the reality they thought they knew is a lie. Ash draws her weapon
and fires, striking Murphy. Before dying, Murphy warns Ash not to believe
Bishop, and not to leave Class Real. Murphy's body disappears in an animated cut
scene, confirming that Class Real is part of the game. Rather than sign out, Ash
goes ghost hunting to find out what lies beyond Class Real.
