---
title: Gorath
---

The rocket ship Hayabusa intercepts a rogue planetoid in outer space. The ship's
captain, Sonoda, realizes the planet's immense gravity has trapped them. His
crew spends their last minutes collecting as much data as they can and relaying
it to Earth. The planet, called "Gorath," destroys the Hayabusa. Back on Earth,
the report generates concern among the worlds' scientists. Gorath is on a
collision course with Earth. Captain Sonoda's father, Dr. Sonoda, and his
protégé Dr. Tazawa, devise a plan to save Earth with the UN's help. The UN takes
their designs and installs a nuclear rocket array on the South Pole. The rockets
will shift Earth's orbit enough to avert a collision.

Takiko is a friend of Captain Sonoda's daughter, Tomoko. She is seeing Kanai, an
astronaut training for a Gorath-related mission. Kanai makes a risky near pass
of Gorath in his small spacecraft, but suffers a seizure and loses his memory.
Kanai's fellow astronauts leave him with Takiko and the Sonoda family to
recover. Tazawa and Dr. Sonoda activate the rockets and begin shifting Earth's
orbit. A prehistoric sea monster, Magma, appears and destroys some of the
rockets. Tazawa and Dr. Sonoda locate Magma and destroy it before they lose
anymore rockets.

Gorath enters the solar system. It destroys the moon by pulling it away from
Earth with its gravity and crushing it. Catastrophic tidal waves sweep around
the globe. At the Sonoda's house in the country, Kanai sees Gorath on the
television and regains his memories. Gorath finally passes Earth, avoiding a
collision, and continues on its way. Tazawa switches off the rockets. He must
now draft a plan to return Earth to its original orbit.
