---
title: 'Death Note: Light Up the New World'
---

It's been ten years since the disappearance of Kira and the Death Note. There
has been a sudden increase in unexplained deaths around the world. The police
suspect another Death Note user and dub the murder "New Kira." The deaths fit
different profiles, so there may actually be more than one New Kira. A Death
Note task force investigates and tries to identify the New Kiras. They succeed
in confiscating a Death Note and contact its _shinigami_ owner, Beppo. Beppo
reveals that there are six Death Notes on Earth, and six is the most there can
be at once. Mishima, the task force leader, wants to secure all six so that they
can prevent any future Kiras. Mishima must contend with one of the Kiras, Shien,
who is also trying to collect Death Notes. Shien believes that the Death Notes
can resurrect Light Yagami, the original Kira. Shien has already collected four
of the six. Mishima must also deal with Ryuzaki, the successor of master
detective L, who has his own agenda.

Mishima tries to entrap Shien, but the plan fails and Shien kills a member of
the task force. Mishima's superiors detain him on suspicion of withholding
information from the police. Mishima was on an earlier assignment to locate
Hikari Yagami, Light's alleged successor. Hikari vanished with his caretaker,
Mikami, and Mishima never offered a satisfactory explanation. The police believe
Mishima has compromised the Death Note task force and disband it. Ryuzaki breaks
Mishima out of detention, and reveals that he has the last Death Note. He plans
to meet with Shien and risk exposure to capture the other notes. Meanwhile,
Shien meets with Misa Amane, Light Yagami's old accomplice. He entices her with
the prospect of bringing back Light, but she knows too well that Light Yagami is
gone for good. Ryuzaki goes to meet Shien, but Misa spots him first, and she
kills him with Shien's Death Note. Misa returns the note to Shien and warns him
he may be walking into a trap. Misa departs and commits suicide with a scrap of
the Death Note. Shien arrives at the penthouse where Mikami had hidden with
Hikari years before. Mishima also arrives and apprehends him.

Shien realizes that he's been set up, and that the "New Kira," who had first
bestowed a Death Note to him, has deceived him. Ryuzaki also appears. Misa's
Death Note failed to work on him, meaning his name is already written down in
another Death Note. Ryuzaki accuses Mishima of being New Kira, and hands him a
Death Note to restore his memory. Mishima remembers that he did find Mikami and
Hikari. The Death Note drove them mad and Mishima killed them in self defense.
Mishima meant to keep the Death Note out of the wrong hands, but it corrupted
him, too. Mishima, as "New Kira," deceived Shien so he would collect the Death
Notes for him. He wrote Ryuzaki's name down to protect him until they finished
their task. The police raid the penthouse and kill Shien. Ryuzaki and Mishima
escape death themselves, and go to prison. Ryuzaki learns that criminals have
stolen their Death Notes and they're back in the wild. He meets Mishima in
prison and offers to trade places with him. Ryuzaki dies in prison while Mishima
resumes the hunt for the Death Notes.
