---
title: Nausicäa of the Valley of the Wind
---

It has been a millennia since a calamity wiped out most of civilization. Small
pockets of humanity live on the brink of a toxic jungle overrun by giant
insects, the _ohm_. Any attempt to burn away the jungle incurs the wrath of the
_ohm_. The residents of the Valley of the Wind have so far escaped the worst
effects of the jungle. The wind that blows through their valley keeps the toxic
spores away from their city. Their idyl shatters when a Tolmekian airship
crashes outside their city. The ship burns away, leaving only its cargo behind:
a mysterious, dormant organism. More Tolmekian warships arrive and invade the
valley, capturing their princess, Nausicäa. Nausicäa discovers that the cargo is
actually a dormant Giant Warrior. The Giant Warriors were biological weapons
that brought about the calamity. The Tolmekians planned to bring it to the
conquered land of Pejite to quell a rebellion there. They settle for nurturing
the warrior in the valley to attack the _ohm_. They have Nausicäa sent to Pejite
as a prisoner instead. Nausicäa's transport comes under attack by a rebel Pejite
airship. Both vessels suffer severe damage. Nausicäa and the Pejite pilot,
Asbel, plummet into the jungle together.

Nausicäa and Asbel survive the fall and awaken in pure, pristine forest. They
realize that they are beneath the toxic jungle. The jungle feeds on man-made
pollution in the earth, left over from the calamity. Dead jungle plants leave a
purified detritus, which nurtures the healthy plants underneath. The _ohm_
protect the jungle from humanity until it has purged the pollution from the
earth. Asbel and Nausicäa arrive in Pejite only to find it destroyed by _ohm_.
Asbel meetes with the Pejite rebels and discovers that they provoked the _ohm_
to attack. The _ohm_ wiped out the Tolmekian invaders, but ruined the city, too.
The rebels know that Tolmekians have invaded the Valley of the Wind, and plan to
send the _ohm_ there, too. Nausicäa objects, and the rebels take her captive
over Asbel's objections.

The widowed Pejite women conspire with Asbel to rescue Nausicäa. Nausicäa flies
back to the Valley to warn her people. Meanwhile, the Valley has risen in
rebellion against the Tolmekians. Their conflict has reached a stalemate at an
abandoned vessel on the edge of the Valley. Nausicäa intercepts a Pejite vessel
using an injured baby _ohm_ as bait for the larger _ohm_. She frees the baby
_ohm_ but is too late to keep the larger _ohm_ from stampeding. The Tolmekians
awaken the Giant Warrior to repel the _ohm_. The Giant Warrior is only able to
fire a few blasts of fire before it disintegrates. Nausicäa places herself
between the Valley and the stampede, and the _ohm_ trample her. The stampede
slows to a stop, as the baby _ohm_ directs their attention to Nausicäa. The
_ohm_ use their hidden powers to heal Nausicäa, and return to the jungle. The
inhabitants of the Valley send away the defeated Tolmekians. Together with the
refugee Pejite they set about rebuilding their home.
