---
title: Ring
---

Asakawa, a reporter, catches wind of a story about a cursed video tape. She
interviews several high school students who fill her in on the lore: whoever
watches the tape dies in a week. Asakawa attends the funeral for her niece,
Tomoko, and learns that she watched a cursed tape. All Tomoko's friends who
watched the tape with her also died at the same time on the same day. Asakawa
retraces their steps and learns they all stayed at a resort in Izu a week before
their deaths. She visits the resort and stays in their cabin, looking for clues.
She spots an unmarked video tape in the resort's library and watches it. It
contains a series of macabre and unsettling images. When it ends, Asakawa sees a
reflection of a ghost in the TV. She believes the tape has cursed her and she
now has one week to save herself.

Asakawa meets her ex-husband, Ryuji, who has a sixth sense for paranormal
phenomenon. Asakawa makes a copy of the tape to show to him. They work together
to follow the clues left in the tape and identify its source. They learn about a
psychic from Oshima Island, near Izu, named Shizuko Yamamura. She was
"discovered" by Dr. Ikuma, who put on a demonstration of her powers. She and
Ikuma were. both mocked during the demonstration, and then one of the reporters
died. The media slandered Shizuko and blamed her for the reporter's death.
Shizuko couldn't live with the shame and killed herself by jumping into the
volcano at Mihara. Ryuji goes on ahead while Asakawa stays home with their son,
Yoichi. Yoichi finds the tape and watches it, much to Asakawa's horror. She
rushes to join Ryuji on Oshima Island. There they meet Shizuko's brother,
Takashi. Takashi confesses that he knew of Shizuko's abilities and hoped to
profit from them. He introduced her to Dr. Ikuma, and they had an affair.
Shizuko gave birth to a girl, named Sadako, a powerful psychic. Sadako was also
present at the demonstration, and she willed the reporter to die to defend her
mother.

On her last day, Asakawa travels with Ryuji back to Izu, where she first saw the
tape. They search underneath the condo and find a well. Ryuji has a psychic
vision, which he shares with Asakawa. They realize that Ikuma killed his own
daughter by throwing her into the well. Sadako's vengeance emanated from the
well and manifested as the cursed video tape. They descend into the well and
recover Sadako's corpse. Asakawa survives the evening, and they believe that
they have broken the curse. The next day, though, the ghost of Sadako emerges
from Ryuji's TV and kills him. Asakawa realizes that she survived because she
made a copy of the tape and showed it to Ryuji. The curse is never defeated,
only passed on. She packs an extra VCR and goes to find Yoichi, so that he can
make his own copy and pass on the curse...
