---
title: Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla
---

In 1999, Godzilla returns to Japan after a long absence. The Anti-Megalosaur
Force engages it with maser tanks, but are unable to stop the monster. Yashiro,
a tank operator, panics and swipes another vehicle off the road. The vehicle
falls into Godzilla's path and the monster crushes it underfoot. Yashiro's
superiors discipline her and demote her to a non-combat position. Minister
Igarashi invites top scientists to discuss anti-Godzilla countermeasures. He
reveals that they have salvaged the remains of the original Godzilla from 1954.
He plans to build a giant anti-Godzilla robot driven by a DNA computer. Yuhara,
a DNA specialist, joins the project and brings his daughter Sara to live at the
lab.

Years later the project comes to fruition. Igarashi, now the Prime Minister,
reveals Kiryu, or "Mechagodzilla," to the world. Yashiro gets a break and joins
the crew of escort pilots for Kiryu. She attracts Yuhara's eye, and he tries to
woo her. During Kiryu's reveal, Godzilla reappears and approaches Japan.
Igarashi scrambles the AMF to deploy Kiryu and fight Godzilla. Kiryu performs
well and forces Godzilla to retreat. The DNA computer inside Kiryu goes haywire
and the robot goes on a rampage instead. Not willing to attack Kiryu, the crew
must wait for hours until Kiryu exhausts its battery. Igarashi is reluctant to
deploy Kiryu again, even though it's effective against Godzilla.

Yashiro and Sara have a heart to heart, and Yashiro confesses she does not feel
a strong will to live. Her past failures weigh heavy on her and she doesn't feel
confident she can beat Godzilla. Sara encourages her and helps her find her
confidence. Godzilla reappears, and Igarashi sends Kiryu out again. Godzilla
cripples Kiryu and Yashiro boards the robot to repair it. She takes control of
Kiryu from the inside as the other pilots distract Godzilla. Kiryu rams Godzilla
and carries him out to sea. Kiryu detonates a super weapon into Godzilla's
chest. Godzilla survives the blast, but must retreat to tend its wounds. Kiryu
is unable to pursue, so Yashiro watches as Godzilla swims away. Back at the
hangar, Yashiro agrees to have dinner with Yuhara, much to Yuhara and Sara's
delight.
