---
title: 'Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack'
---

It's been fifty years since Godzilla first appeared. The Japanese have grown
apathetic to the threat of monster attack. Admiral Tachibana maintains a
constant vigilance in case Godzilla returns. An American submarine goes down and
Tachibana's crew encounters a new Godzilla. Meanwhile, Tachibana's daughter Yuri
works for a low-budget TV network. When another monster appears in Niigata, Yuri
uses her connections to investigate. She learns the legend of the Guardian
Beasts who protect the Japanese mainland. These monsters - Baragon, Mothra, and
King Ghidorah - are now waking from a thousand year slumber. Yuri believes they
are preparing to fight Godzilla. She shares her findings with Tachibana.

The monster from Niigata, Baragon, surfaces and clambers towards the springs at
Hakone. Godzilla itself emerges at Yaizu and heads the same direction. The two
monsters clash, but Baragon is no match for the much larger and stronger
Godzilla. Godzilla destroys Baragon and heads for Tokyo. Tachibana takes command
of the SDF response. Mothra hatches from her cocoon in Lake Ikeda and flies to
Tokyo to fight Godzilla. Ghidorah awakes and also appears in Tokyo. Tachibana
withholds his attack until Mothra and Ghidorah have weakened Godzilla. When the
SDF does attack, it is ineffective and Godzilla destroys most of them in
retaliation. Godzilla destroys Mothra, whose spirit revives Ghidorah. Ghidorah
and Godzilla grapple with each other underwater in Tokyo Bay.

Tachibana loads a drill warhead onto a minisub, and pilots it close to the
monsters. Ghidorah surfaces and tries to destroy Godzilla with an energy attack.
Godzilla absorbs the energy and uses it to kill Ghidorah instead. Godzilla
absorbs the spirits of the Guardian Beasts and submerges again. Tachibana pilots
his sub into Godzilla's mouth and Godzilla swallows him. He fires his warhead,
piercing a hole through Godzilla's shoulder. The wound diverts Godzilla's heat
beam. When Godzilla tries to use his heat beam, the wound grows and
incapacitates him. Tachibana escapes before Godzilla's runaway energy causes the
monster to explode. Yuri and Tachibana reunite on the shore. They pay tribute to
the Guardian Beasts who sacrificed themselves to defeat Godzilla.
