---
title: The Glorious Team Batista
---

The "Batista procedure" is a delicate heart surgery for treating cardiomyopathy.
Tojo University Hospital boasts a successful team of surgeons specializing the
technique. Team Batista's success streak comes to a halt after three deaths on
the operating table. Kiryu, the lead surgeon on the team, requests an internal
investigation. Taguchi, from the outpatient ward, receives the assignment.
Taguchi compiles profiles of each member of Team Batista. Kakitani is another
skilled surgeon who would have led the team if Tojo hadn't hired Kiryu. Narumi,
Kiryu's brother-in-law, is the team pathologist. He would have been a surgeon if
Kiryu hadn't injured him on accident during a previous operation. Otomo, the
nurse, is the most recent addition to the team, and the clumsiest. The other
team members don't have direct access to the patient during the procedure.
Taguchi observes the team during their next operation on a child, which is a
success. Taguchi concludes that the three failed operations were flukes and
everything is normal. Shiratori, a bureaucrat from the ministry of health,
arrives and upends her investigation. Shiratori believes that the deaths were
not accidental and someone is responsible.

Shiratori intends to observe the next surgery. The patient has a seizure and the
surgery starts before Shiratori can arrive. The patient dies on the table, and
Shiratori orders a postmortem. Shiratori and Taguchi search for clues in tapes
of previous surgeries. They note a marked decline in Kiryu's technique. They
confront him and reveal that he has glaucoma. He has cloudy vision and has
relied on Narumi's perfect eyesight and direction. Narumi encouraged this so he
could continue being a surgeon, if only by proxy. Kiryu feared he was
responsible for the dead patients. He requested the investigation in hopes of
finding an alternate explanation. He agrees to resign as lead surgeon and
Kakitani takes over for the next surgery.

The next procedure, led by Kakitani, is successful. Shiratori vindicates Kiryu
with the results of the postmortem. The last victim died from a brain
hemorrhage, caused by increased pressure on the skull. The pressure came from
liquid anesthetics administered through the nerve block catheter. The findings
expose Himuro, the anesthesiologist, as the culprit. Himuro worked excessive
hours and became exhausted to the point of sociopathy. He committed the murders
for his own amusement. The authorities arrest Himuro and the Tojo University
staff issue a formal apology. Kiryu leaves Tojo and thanks Taguchi.
