---
title: Daredevil in the Castle
---

After the battle of Sekigahara, the Tokugawa clan took control of Japan. The
supplanted Toyotomi clan remains prideful, which offends Tokugawa and threatens
another war. Mohei, an orphaned soldier, wanders into Osaka, the Toyotomi
stronghold. He runs afoul of a gang of samurai and Ai, a servant girl, rescues
him. Ai serves Itamiya, a merchant, and Kobue, a blind noblewoman residing in
Osaka Castle. In exchange for rescuing him, they ask Mohei to kidnap Princess
Sen from Osaka Castle. She is a valuable Tokugawa asset they want to leverage to
broker a truce between the clans. Mohei infiltrates the castle, but is unable to
reach the princess. Tokugawa spies are also in the castle attempting to rescue
her, and Mohei must retreat.

Kobue pleads with Itamiya to bargain with the Portuguese ships anchored in Osaka
Bay. The Portuguese have many weapons, and Kobue must keep them from selling to
Tokugawa. Itamiya betrays Kobue and arranges to sell the weapons to Tokugawa
anyway. He also leaves Ai with the Portuguese as a "gift." Mohei rescues Ai, and
Kobue slays Itamiya for his treachery. Kobue departs in search of a mediator who
can broker a truce. Mohei gathers up the weapons Itamiya had purchased to take
to Osaka Castle.

Tokugawa's vast army surrounds Osaka Castle and blockades it. Mohei and his crew
sneak through the blockade by posing as different clans from Tokugawa. They
finally reach the castle and deliver the weapons. They also use a cart full of
gunpowder to destroy the main bridge access to the castle. The maneuver buys
Osaka Castle enough time for a truce to take effect. Mohei rejects an offer to
join the castle guard in favor of a quiet life in the countryside with Ai.
