---
title: Rashomon
---

A woodcutter finds a dead body in the woods. A thief, the dead man's widow, and
a medium testify at the investigation. Each of the accounts conflict with each
other. The thief, Tajomaru, boasts that he killed the man and ravished his wife.
He later escaped with the man's possessions, but threw away the victim's prized
ruby dagger. The widow testifies that after Tajomaru left, her husband looked on
her with disgust. She whipped herself into a frenzy and stabbed him with the
ruby dagger. She tried to commit suicide by throwing herself into a creek, and
lost the dagger. The medium, speaking for the dead man, claims his wife turned
on him after Tajomaru ravished her. She urged Tajomaru to kill her husband to
preserve her honor. Tajomaru, in disgust, chased his wife into the woods. Alone
and grieved by this betrayal, the man killed himself by plunging his ruby dagger
into his chest. Each account has an element of truth to it, but none of them
quite explains all the facts either. The ruby dagger figures into all the
accounts, but no one has found it.

The woodcutter reminisces over the case with a priest under the Rashomon gate.
The priest is crestfallen that people harbor such hostility for the truth. A
traveling peasant listens to their conversation. He presses the woodcutter for
his side of the story. The woodcutter admits that he was hiding in the woods
witnessing events as they unfolded. After Tajomaru ravished the woman, she
begged one of the two men to kill her and spare her the shame. Her husband cast
her off, insisting she should kill herself. The wife accused both men of being
cowards, and goaded them into dueling each other. Tajomaru and the husband
dueled, and the husband became caught in the undergrowth. Tajomaru flung his
sword and slew the husband, but he and the wife were so overcome with fear that
they fled.

The peasant stumbles upon an abandoned child at the Rashomon gate, and takes its
blanket. The woodcutter tries to intervene, but the peasant rebukes him. He
accuses him of being no more truthful than the witnesses as the trial. The
peasant believes the woodcutter himself stole the ruby dagger from the scene.
Unable to argue with the peasant, the woodcutter lets him go. The priest intends
to keep and care for the child in the temple. The woodcutter asks instead if he
can take the child. He already has many children and one more will not trouble
him. Besides he must do penance for his dishonesty during the trial. The
woodcutter's gesture restores the priest's faith in humanity.
