---
title: 'Oblivion Island: Haruka and the Magic Mirror'
---

Haruka's mother died when she was young, and she has grown distant from her
father. One day she misses a particular memento of her mother: a red hand
mirror. Her mother once told her the story of the foxes of Inari, who would
return lost or forgotten items when prayed to. On a whim, Haruka visits the
Inari shrine. At dusk she spots a small figure who absconds with her keys.
Haruka pursues it and falls into the realm of the foxes. The realm is full of
lost and forgotten human items, which the foxes have used to build their cities.
Teo, the fox she followed, panics and tries to send her back. Haruka makes a
deal with Teo to help her find the mirror. Teo disguises her so the other foxes
don't take notice.

Despite their best efforts, they are unable to locate the mirror. Haruka does
reunite with her long lost stuffed lamb Cotton, who is now animate and has a
mind of her own. She received her life from a mirror. In the foxes' realm,
mirrors have mystical powers and can give life to inanimate objects. Cotton had
once abducted by the Petitloss, who steal from the foxes in the same way the
foxes steal from humans. Cotton believes that the Petitloss have Haruka's
mother's mirror. They infiltrate the Petitloss' lair and fight a giant stuffed
monster. When they defeat it, they find the mirror hidden inside of it. They
return to the surface, where they encounter the Baron, the selfish, masked ruler
of the foxes. The Baron had accosted and bribed Teo into betraying Haruka. He
takes the mirror with Haruka as prisoner and releases Teo with his reward.

Teo, overcome with guilt, uses his reward to convince the other foxes to help
him rescue Haruka. They pool their resources and construct a plane for Teo.
Aboard his dirigible, the Baron brags to Haruka about his army. The army is
inanimate, but the Baron can use his collection of mirrors to quicken them.
Haruka's mother's mirror is an especially powerful one he has waited a long time
to find. The Baron is not content waiting for humans to lose things, so he will
send his army to the human realm to steal for him. Cotton leads the Petitloss in
an attack on the Baron's dirigible. Cotton sacrifices herself to save Haruka,
and Teo picks her up in his plane. He flies the plane into the Baron's
dirigible, crashing into the mirror collection. Haruka falls into her mother's
mirror and witnesses memories of her childhood. She realizes she has mistreated
her father ever since her mother died, and repents. The Baron loses his
disguise, revealing him to be as short, ugly fox, and he flees in disgrace. Teo
sends Haruka back to the human realm, where she begins to make amends with her
father.
