---
title: Howl's Moving Castle
---

Sophie is her mother's eldest daughter, and helps run her hat shop. One day she
has a run in with Howl, an infamous wizard. Howl lives in a castle on legs that
wanders the wilderness outside the city. Howl's nemesis is the Witch of the
Waste, who desires to steal Howl's heart. She notes Sophie's attraction to Howl
and puts a curse on her, turning her into an old crone. Sophie disguises the
curse from her mother and sneaks away from the hat shop. She ventures out into
the wilderness and befriends an enchanted scarecrow, Turnip. Sophie and Turnip
find Howl's castle and she steals inside. She meets Calcifier, a fire demon that
powers the castle. Calcifer begs Sophie to help him break his contract with
Howl. The contract forbids him from divulging its terms, so Sophie will have to
figure it out herself. Sophie stays on at the castle as a maid and a surrogate
mother figure for Howl.

The Prince of the neighboring kingdom goes missing and tensions flare. The King
summons Howl, intending to draft him into the army to serve in the impending
war. Howl despises war, and fears the King's chief witch, Suliman, is laying a
trap for him. He sends Sophie in his place, but Suliman sees through the ruse.
Suliman has already captured and neutralized the Witch of the Waste, who is now
a harmless old hag. Howl appears and rescues Sophie and the Witch, and moves his
castle to a new secret location. The war commences and nightly air raids
threaten the castle's safety. Howl transforms into a flying beast to fight the
airships, and begins to lose his humanity. Sophie realizes that Howl is risking
his life for her and takes action. She pulls Calcifer out of the castle to
destroy it, and then has Calficer animate the remnants to take them to Howl. The
Witch of the Waste realizes that Calficer has Howl's heart, and snatches it for
herself. This causes the castle to crumble and Sophie falls down a crevasse.

Sophie wakes amidst the wreckage of the castle. She searches and finds a doorway
that leads into Howl's past. She witnesses a young Howl catching a falling star,
which turns out to be Calcifer. Howl agreed to give Calcifer his heart in
exchange for Calcifer's servitude. Sophie returns to the present and reunites
with Howl. She begs for Howl's heart from the Witch of the Waste. The Witch
surrenders it when she sees Sophie's devotion. Sophie gives Howl back his heart
and frees Calcifer. Turnip rescues everyone when the last of the castle gives
way. Sophie kisses him and Turnip transforms into a Prince. He is actually the
missing prince from the neighboring kingdom. Suliman spies on the proceedings
and decides to let Howl be, and negotiates a ceasefire. Calcifer decides to
remain with Howl and Sophie and power their new castle. Sophie, who has regained
her youth, lives happily ever after with Howl.
