---
title: King Kong vs. Godzilla
---

Mr. Tako is the head of advertising at a pharmaceutical company. He chafes at
their boring and ineffective campaigns. Tako wants to spice things up, and
decides to try and capture the giant creature rumored to live on Faro Island. He
sends two of his lackeys, Sakurai and Furue, to scout out the island. They make
friends with the natives, who allow them to explore the island. A giant octopus
attacks their village, and the giant ape King Kong appears and fights it off.
Kong drinks the narcotic berry juice the natives produce, and falls asleep.
Sakurai uses the juice to keep Kong asleep until they can have him ferried off
the island.

The monster Godzilla reappears in the Arctic and heads for Japan. Kong escapes
from Sakurais' transport and also heads for Japan. The two monsters circle
around the outskirts of Tokyo. The military deploys several countermeasures to
keep Godzilla away, to no avail. Meanwhile, Kong enters the city and kidnaps
Fumiko, Sakurai's sister. He holds her hostage atop the Diet Building. Sakurai
advises the military to fire capsules of the berry narcotic at Kong. They do,
and the mist puts Kong back to sleep. Sakurai rescues Fumiko, and the military
deliberates what to do with Kong.

The government decides to airlift Kong to Mount Fuji to fight Godzilla. The two
monsters meet in combat, fighting all the way from Fuji to the seaside. Godzilla
and Kong both tumble into the ocean. Kong emerges and swims back to Faro Island,
but Godzilla has disappeared. Tako abandons his grand advertising plans and
decides not to pursue Kong.
