---
title: Castle in the Sky
---

Pazu, a boy from a mining village, discovers a girl floating down from the sky.
He rescues her and brings her to his house. The girl, Sheeta, tells Pazu that
she is being chased by the Dola clan of pirates. The Dola clan arrive in Pazu's
town looking for Sheeta. Pazu and Sheeta lead them on a chase, when they
encounter the military police. Sheeta flees from them, too, to Pazu's surprise.
During the pursuit, Pazu and Sheeta fall from a bridge, but Sheeta's amulet
protects them. The amulet's mysterious power slows their descent into the mines.
They discover that the amulet s volucite, which ones powered ancient flying
cities. Pazu's late father once claimed to have seen one of these cities, the
floating castle of Laputa. Pazu wants to see it for himself, too.

The military police capture Pazu and Sheeta when they emerge from the mines.
They throw Pazu in prison and bring Sheeta to Muska, a high-ranking government
agent, at his castle. Muska believes that Sheeta's amulet can reveal the path to
Laputa. There is a tradition that Laputian royal family knows the spell to
awaken the amulet's power. Sheeta is the last descendant of the royal family,
and Muska presses her to reveal the spell to him. Muska arranges for Pazu's
release in exchange for Sheeta's cooperation. When Pazu returns home he finds it
occupied by the Dola clan. Dola, the pirate matriarch, chastises Pazu for giving
up on Sheeta. Pazu discovers the pirates are not so villainous as he first
believed. They form an alliance and go to rescue Sheeta. Meanwhile, Sheeta
utters the spell on accident and awakens the amulet. She also activates an
ancient robot concealed beneath the castle. The robot demolishes the castle as
Pazu and the pirates rescue Sheeta. Muska steals the amulet and uses it to
search for Laputa.

The pirates race Muska to Laputa. Sheeta and Pazu arrive first, while the
pirates are all taken prisoner by the military. The exterior of the castle is an
idyllic paradise filled with flora and fauna, guarded by robots. The interior
conceals terrible weaponry once used by the Laputians for conquest. Muska
captures Sheeta and brings her to the control room of the castle. He activates
the weapons systems and eliminates his military escort. Muska reveals that he is
also descended from Laputian royalty. He wants to resurrect and rule the
Laputian empire using the castle's arsenal. Pazu frees the pirates and goes
after Muska and Sheeta. They reunite and take back the amulet from Muska.
Together they utter the last spell - a spell of destruction - to destroy Laputa.
Muska perishes while Sheeta and Pazu escape with the pirates. The bulk of the
castle crumbles into the ocean below. What remains ascends high above the
clouds, into the heavens.
