---
title: Always: Sunset on Third Street 3
---
Amid all the excitement of the Olympics coming to Tokyo, life goes on as usual in Third Street. Mutsuko works as an assistant in Suzuki’s garage. She heads out early in the mornings so that she can run into the handsome Dr. Kikuchi on his way to work. Kikuchi also takes an interest in her and stages a breakdown of his car so he can visit her at the garage. Chagawa the novelist and his wife Hiromi are expecting their first child together. Chagawa writes for a boy’s magazine to put his ward Junnosuke through school. He has already warned him not to pursue a writing career to spare him the same hardship he has already endured. A mystery author also writes for the same boy’s magazine, and his series is more popular than Chagawa’s. The magazine considers dropping Chagawa’s series.

Junnosuke confesses to Chagawa that he is the mystery writer threatening his series. He writes the series in his spare time to grow his talent, but he didn’t intend to become Chagawa’s rival. Chagawa forbids Junnosuke from writing and orders him to focus only on school. Mutsuko and Kikuchi abscond to Chiba overnight, which irks Suzuki. They return and reveal that they had been to visit Kikuchi’s family, and Kikuchi has proposed. Mutsuko is reluctant to accept the proposal and leave Suzuki’s employment. Suzuki puts her at ease and releases her with his blessing. Mutsuko and Kikuchi marry and move to Chiba.

Hiromi gives birth to a healthy baby girl. Chagawa learns that his estranged father has died and he attends the wake. Chagawa had not spoken to his father ever since he threw him out of the house for becoming an author. Chagawa visits his old room and discovers his father’s collection of Chagawa’s stories. Chagawa’s father was stern with him to give him proper motivation, but admired him in secret. Chagawa realizes he has been unfair to Junnosuke by stifling his dreams. Chagawa arranges for his publisher to take Junnosuke under his wing and tutor him. He stages a confrontation with Junnosuke to give him the same motivation he had from his father. Junnosuke departs, understanding Chagawa’s intentions and anticipating their future rivalry.