---
title: Parasite Eve
---

Toshiaki is a biologist studying mitochondria. He believes that all mitochondria
came from a distant ancestor, "Mitochondria Eve." Since then mitochondria have
lived inside the human cell as symbionts. On his one year anniversary,
Toshiaki's wife Kiyomi goes into a coma after a car accident. Her brain function
has failed, but he keeps her on life support. Toshiaki discovers that Kiyomi had
registered as an organ donor without his knowledge. Toshiaki is reluctant to
take Kiyomi off of life support to harvest her organs. Toshiaki finally agrees,
on the strange condition that he keep her liver. Yoshizumi, the doctor
performing the transplant, complies, but has misgivings. Toshiaki takes Kiyomi’s
liver back to his lab and cultures her cells. Yoshizumi transplants Kiyomi’s
kidney to his patient, a preadolescent girl named Mariko.

Kiyomi’s liver cells grow at an alarming rate. The cultures escape from
containment and merge into a single mass. The cells take the form of Kiyomi and
seduce him. Afterwards Toshiaki finds Kiyomi's journals and learns that she
heard voices commanding her. All her life decisions, including their marriage,
came from this voice: Mitochondria Eve. Meanwhile, Mariko has severe side
effects to the transplant. At first Yoshizumi fears that rejection is setting
in. He discovers the truth is much stranger: Mariko’s body is preparing for some
kind of birth. Yoshizumi confronts Toshiaki at a symposium as Sawako, Toshiaki's
assistant, takes the stage. Mitochondria Eve possesses Sawako and uses her as
its mouthpiece. Eve announces it has evolved and is ready to compete for
dominance with humanity. When the organizers try to stop her, Eve activates the
mitochrondria in their bodies. The mitochondria revolt and their host humans
combust. Toshiaki and Yoshizumi realize that Eve plans to complete her evolution
by procreating. Mariko is the chosen vessel for Eve's child.

Eve arrives at Yoshizumi’s hospital and kidnaps Mariko. Yoshizumi activates
security to block off the exits, forcing Eve to the roof. Toshiaki confronts her
there and pleads with her to release Mariko. Eve taunts him and boasts that
everything between him and Kiyomi was its doing. Toshiaki reveals the truth;
that he loved Kiyomi long before Eve had begun to act on her. He saw her when
she first arrived on campus before they knew each other and was smitten with
her. The revelation awakens Kiyomi's consciousness and she embraces Toshiaki.
Yoshizumi rescues Mariko, whose body has returned to normal. The enraged Eve
causes Toshiaki to combust, and he and Kiyomi burn together.
