---
title: 'Hidden Fortress: The Last Princess'
---

It is a time of civil war. The ambitious Yamana clan invades the wealthy
province of Akizuki. Yamana intends to use Akizuki's treasure to enrich its war
chest. When they take Akizuki castle, they find the treasure missing. Princess
Yuki, the last remaining royal, is also missing. Yamana presses local peasants
into slave labor to dig for the missing treasure. They hit a pocket of
poisonous, flammable gas, which ignites and destroys part of the castle. Two
peasants, Takezo and Shinpachi, escape in the confusion. Takezo and Shinpachi
discover gold hidden in hollow sticks by a river bid. A samurai appears,
Rokurota, who captures them. Takezo, sensing a bargain to be had, presents a
plan to Rokurota for smuggling the gold out of Akizuki. He suggests taking the
gold through Yamana territory, where they are least expected. Rokurota agrees to
have the peasants guide them out of Akizuki. Rokurota's mute younger brother
joins them. The peasants discover, though, that the brother is actually a girl
in disguise. Furthermore she is none other than Princess Yuki, and the gold is
the treasure of Akizuki. The Yamana soldiers discover this, too, and a violent
confrontation ensues. Rokurota defends his party and they flee. Takezo resents
being part of a ruse and threatens to abandon them and head back to his country.
He relents when he sees how earnest Yuki is to save her people.

Rokurota's rival, Takayama of Yamana, catches wind of the party and pursues
them. He catches up to them and surrounds them. Rokurota pretends to slay
Takezo, tricking Takayama's men into thinking he is dead. Takayama brings
Rokurota and Yuki to his hidden fortress, which which he plots the next phase of
the war. Takezo infiltrates the fortress and enlists the help of the other
slaves. He guides them to uncover another pocket of poison gas, causing mass
panic in the fortress. Takezo frees Yuki and Rokurota, and Rokurota duels with
Takayama. Rokurota uses a pistol to ignite the poison gas, destroying the
fortress. Takezo and Yuki escape, as does Rokurota, carting Shinpachi. They ride
to safe haven in Hayakawa.

Yuki reveals that they were never carrying actual gold bars. They were lead
decoys painted gold to fool the Yamana. She dispersed the actual treasure among
the Akizuki peasants. They have carried it piece by piece to safety in Hayakawa.
When they arrive at the Hayakawa fortress, all Yuki's subjects are present to
welcome her. Takezo and Shinpachi take their leave of the princess after
escorting her to the gates.
