---
title: Destroy All Monsters
---

In the year 1999, manking has established bases on the moon and rocket travel is
commonplace. The Ogasawara Islands are home to all Earth's monsters. They live
in a confined space known as "Monsterland." Kyoko joins lead Monsterland
scientist Dr. Otani as a research associate. Monsterland comes under attack and
loses contact with the mainland. The UN convenes a special investigative
session. The monsters of Monsterland appear all around the globe, attacking
major cities. The crew of the SY-3 moon rocket, led by Katsuo, descends to
Monsterland. Katsuo reunites with his girlfriend Katsuo, but she is not herself.
She and Dr. Otani now serve the Kilaaks, a race of alien women intent on
conquering Earth. Katsuo and the SY-3 crew escape with Otani, but Kyoko flees
with the Kilaaks.

Katsuo interrogates Otani, but Otani throws himself out a window to his death.
The Kilaaks appear and try to recover his body. Police arrive and drive away the
Kilaaks. A post-mortem discovers a radio transmitter implanted in Otani's head.
Otani's colleague Dr. Yoshido believes the monsters are being controlled by
similar transmitters. Teams of scientists recover relay units from various
hiding spots around the world. They receive instructions from a master
transmitter hidden on the moon. A large monster attack decimates Tokyo, and
Kyoko appears to taunt Katsuo. Katsuo tackles her and removes her Kilaak
transmitters. Kyoko returns to her normal self, but she has no memory of the
Kilaaks.

Katsuo leads a strike team to the moon to destroy the Kilaak base and
transmitter. Yoshido reverse-engineers the alien technology and takes control of
the monsters. The Tokyo attack was a diversion for the Kilaaks to move their
base to Mt. Fuji. The Kilaaks summon King Ghidorah from space to guard their
base. Yoshido has the Earth monsters attack King Ghidorah. A massive battle
ensues, and the monsters led by Godzilla triumph over Ghidorah. The Kilaaks
destroy Yoshido's control center to try and stop the monster assault.
Undeterred, Godzilla advances on Fuji and destroys the Kilaak base. Afterwards,
the monsters return to Monsterland to live in peace.
