---
title: Godzilla vs. Megaguirus
---

Godzilla first appeared in 1954 and attacked Japan. The monster disappeared into
the sea and Japan began rebuilding its industries. Godzilla returned in the 60s
and attacked Japan's first nuclear plant. The government determines that nuclear
energy attracts Godzilla and bans its use. Other energy sources are incapable of
replacing nuclear and Japan's economy struggles. Finally a team of scientists
discover a new form of clean energy, plasma. Unfortunately plasma also attracts
Godzilla, and he destroys the plasma lab in Osaka. Dr. Yoshizawa, the lead
plasma scientist, loses many colleagues in the incident. Tsujimori, a major in
the army, lost her commanding officer, too. Years later they join the
anti-Godzilla unit G-Graspers to plot to destroy Godzilla. G-Graspers operates
under the guidance of Sugiura, who also led the plasma project. Yoshizawa
designs a super weapon, the Dimension Tide, to swallow Godzilla in a black hole.
They test fire a singularity in a remote country district. The test creates a
time-space ripple, and a prehistoric insect sneaks through. The insect lays an
egg before returning through the ripple. The egg hatches many smaller insects,
which infest Shibuya.

Yoshizawa launches Dimension Tide into orbit to prepare for Godzilla's next
appearance. Tsujimori intercepts Godzilla at sea and lures him to an uninhabited
island. Before they can fire the Dimension Tide, the insects appear and swarm
Godzilla. Godzilla tries to kill them with his heat beam, but many of them
escape after sucking his energy. The Dimension Tide fires, but the singularity
misses Godzilla and he survives. Godzilla follows the insects back to the
mainland. The insects give their stolen energy to their queen, who metamorphoses
into Megaguirus. Megaguirus attacks Godzilla, and uses high-frequency wave
attacks. The waves disrupt communications with Dimension Tide, causing its orbit
to decay. The G-Graspers have a limited time to use the weapon before it burns
up in the atmosphere.

Godzilla battles and kills Megaguirus, and continues into the heart of the city.
Yoshizawa exposes Sugiura and his illegal experiments with plasma. Sugiura tried
to conceal the laboratory but it still lured Godzilla back to Japan. Tsujimori
rebukes Sugiura and resolves to defeat Godzilla. She flies her plane so that the
Dimension Tide locks onto it, and then crashes the plane into Godzilla. The
singularity fires at the last second before the weapon burns up. The singularity
hits Godzilla and consumes him. Tsujimori parachutes to safety and the
G-Graspers celebrate their victory.
