---
title: 'Patlabor: The Movie'
---

In the future, mechanical suits called labors perform heavy construction tasks
around Tokyo. The rise of labor-related crime leads to the creation of a labor
police force, the Patlabors. The 2nd Special Vehicles section, SV2, is one such
Patlabor unit. SV2 investigates a series of incidents involving rogue labor
units. The labors went haywire without any human intervention and caused massive
destruction. Asuma, one of the SV2 techs, suspects that Shinohara Heavy
Industries is complicit. They released a new OS for labors, which all the rogue
labors had installed. Asuma wants to confirm there was no criminal intent
designing the OS. Unfortunately the author of the OS, Eiichi Hoba, recently
committed suicide.

Asuma studies the incidents to find a common thread. He realizes they all
occurred near buildings with large atriums. Wind blowing through these
structures creates a resonant frequency. This frequency triggers the "bug" in
the OS and causes the labors to go haywire. A separate investigation tries to
dig up more information on Hoba. They learn that he was working on the Babylon
Project when he died. This project oversees construction of man made islands in
Tokyo Bay. Towering over all these is the Ark, a labor manufacturing facility.
Hoba had a god complex and became obsessed with the biblical references to his
work. Asuma discovers that the Ark can generate the same frequency as in the
other incidents. Considering the size of the Ark, if that ever happened then
every labor in the city would go berserk. SV2 realizes with horror that a
typhoon would create the conditions for this to happen. One such typhoon is
approaching Japan. Hoba knew this and coded the weakness into the OS so that the
Babylon project would be undone by man's own machines.

Asuma's superior, Goto, tries to convince the government to let them destroy the
Ark. They balk, but Goto persuades them when he points out they can blame it on
the typhoon anyway. Asuma's team of Patlabors enters the Ark and starts to
disengage its platforms. The Ark's structure changes, hindering its ability to
generate the right frequency. Hoba's last ditch protocol activates all the
labors in the Ark and they attack SV2. Asuma has all the platforms released at
the same time. The Ark collapses, destroying all the labors, but saving the
city.
