---
title: The Mysterians
---

Earthquakes and wildfires strike the foothills of Mount Fuji, destroying a
mountain village. A giant robot emerges from underground, and the Self Defense
Force destroys it. Atsumi, a scientist, believes the robot is of
extraterrestrial origin. His colleague, Shiraishi, hypothesized an alien
invasion was imminent. Shiraishi disappeared after the wildfires and Atsumi
believes he is dead. Another survey of the area reveals an alien dome at the
base of Mount Fuji. The aliens, the Mysterians, have fled their war torn planet
Mysteroid and intend to form a colony on Earth. They demand a plot of land and a
supply of human women with which to repopulate their species. The nations of the
world take offense at this and declare war on the Mysterians.

The Self Defense force engages with the Mysterians. Unfortunately they are
unable to repel the Mysterians because of their advanced technology. The
Mysterians increase their demands and threaten to overtake Tokyo. The world's
scientists band together and develop superweapons capable of defeating the
Mysterians. Atsumi discovers that his colleague Shiraishi is alive and has
joined the Mysterians. The aliens begin abducting women to fulfill their
objectives. Among those kidnapped is Etsuko, Atsumi's betrothed, and Shiraishi's
sister.

The military deploys their new advanced weaponry against the Mysterians. During
the battle Atsumi sneaks into the dome and attempts to rescue Etsuko. Shiraishi
retrieves both Atsumi, Etsuko, and the other women and leads them out of the
dome. Shiraishi has become disillusioned with the Mysterians. He once thought
they would guide humanity to a newer, more evolved version of themselves. Now he
realizes they are as fallible as humanity, if not worse. They caused the
disaster that destroyed their own planet, and would do the same to Earth if not
checked. Shiraishi returns to the dome and destroys it from the inside, ending
the conflict.
