---
title: My Neighbor Totoro
---

Satsuki and Mei are sisters who've recently moved with their father, Tatsuo, to
an old house in the country. Their mother, Yasuko, is recovering in hospital
from a chronic illness. The girls explore the house and the surrounding forest.
They discover soot sprites and short, rabbit-like creatures living nearby. The
rabbit-like creatures spread acorns and nurture the fauna. The biggest mystical
resident of the forest is the enormous Totoro. Mei finds Totoro asleep in his
den. Satsuki is skeptical, until she meets Totoro at night waiting for their
father's bus. The girls have a dream-like adventure with Totoro at night, flying
on leaves above the forest. The old lady of the village explains to them that
Totoro and his kind do not appear to adults. Only children are able to see them.

The girls work hard to prepare the house for a much anticipated visit from
Yasuko. They gather vegetables from a nearby farm to prepare a meal for her. At
the last minute, Satsuki receives a cryptic telegram from the hospital. Tatsuo
explains that they must postpone the visit because of Yasuko's health. Mei takes
the news hard, and sets off on foot to visit her mother in hospital herself. She
gets lost, and the villagers can't find her.

Satsuki goes to where Mei first met Totoro, and pleads with him to help her find
Mei. Totoro summons the cat bus, which takes Satsuki to find Mei. The cat bus
takes both girls to the hospital. They sneak outside the window and see that
Yasuko is doing well and Tatsuo is caring for her. The cat bus returns them both
to their house and then disappears. Totoro and the sprites maintain a close
watch over the house as the girls go about their daily lives.
