---
title: 'Gamera 2: Attack of Legion'
---

A meteor shower deposits a large object in northern Japan. When the military
investigates, they find an empty crater. A series of strange events occur,
starting from the crash site and heading north. An army of insect-like aliens
appears and attacks a commuter train in Sapporo. They plant a huge flower, which
starts pumping out huge quantities of oxygen. Honami, an astronomer, realizes
that the flower is going to explode and launch a seed into space. The force
required would obliterate Sapporo. The military disables the flower by bombing
its root system. Gamera, a flying turtle monster, appears and destroys the
flower. The insect aliens swarm over Gamera and force him to retreat. A single
giant alien bursts out of the ground and flies away. The SDF shoots it down but
fails to recover the body.

Honami teams with Watarase, a military investigator. They discover the
creatures, now known as "Legion," are silicon-based organisms. They communicate
via electromagnetic waves. This means they large cities and their radio
interference as hostile. They will search out the next major city along their
route and attempt to plant another flower. As expected, the Legion arrive in
Sendai and a flower appears. Gamera arrives to destroy it but the giant alien,
called "Giant Legion," intercepts him. Giant Legion distracts Gamera long enough
for the flower to finish priming. Gamera manages to divert the seed's trajectory
moments before explosion. The seed does not go into space, but the explosion
destroys Sendai and neutralizes Gamera. The Legion is now desperate. The
military deploys to defend Tokyo, the Legion's presumed final target.

Honami and Watarase discover a particular frequency that attracts the smaller
Legion. When the Legion attack begins, they exploit this to lure the smaller
Legion away from the battle. In Sendai, children gather and pray over Gamera.
Gamera draws strength from them and revives. Gamera arrives outside Tokyo and
joins the battle against Legion. Gamera unleashes his most powerful energy
attack to obliterate Giant Legion. Gamera flies away and everything returns to
normal.
