---
title: The Return of Godzilla
---

In the aftermath of a tropical storm, reporter Maki comes across the remains of
a fishing vessel. Its crew has all died except for one, Okumura. Okumura claims
that a giant monster destroyed their ship. Maki tries to run a story printed
about the incident, but his editor suppresses it. The Japanese government
believes that the monster is none other than Godzilla. Godzilla first appeared
thirty years ago and destroyed Tokyo. Now the government fears he has returned,
and does not want to cause a panic. Maki meets Dr. Hayashida and interviews him
about Godzilla. He also meets Hayashida's assistant Naoko. Naoko is Okumura's
sister, and because of the news blackout she has no idea her brother is still
alive. Maki tips off Naoko, and follows her with a camera crew to capture her
reunion with Okumura. At the same time Cold War tensions rise after the
disappearance of a Soviet submarine in the Pacific. The incident forces the
Japanese government to come clean with their suspicions. They assert that
Godzilla caused the submarine incident and stave off a Cold War crisis.

The SDF prepares their flying tank prototype, the _Super-X_, for combat against
Godzilla. Hayashida is doubtful that conventional weapons will work against the
monster. After studying Godzilla's behavior, Hayashida comes up with his own
plan. He deduces that Godzilla has a homing instinct that is responsive to a
certain frequency. They can exploit this to lure Godzilla anywhere they please.
Hayashida gets approval to construct a hypersonic lure at the rim of the Mihara
volcano. The Prime Minister meets with US and Soviet envoys and convinces them
not to deploy nukes. The Soviets feign compliance while keeping one of their spy
ships docked in Tokyo Bay. Aboard the ship are controls for their
satellite-based nuclear missiles.

Godzilla approaches Japan and military goes into action. The full might of the
SDF rains down on Godzilla in the bay. The encounter damages the Soviet ship and
triggers a missile launch countdown. Hayashida makes the finishing touches on
his frequency emitter in time to evacuate. Maki and Naoko help him escape the
lab, but must remain behind and avoid Godzilla's rampage. The _Super-X_ deploys
and succeeds in knocking out Godzilla with cadmium missiles. Meanwhile the US
launches another missile to intercept the Soviet nuke in orbit. The missiles
collide in the atmosphere, causing an EMP to knock out communications. The
resulting radioactive cloud revives Godzilla, and he destroys the _Super-X_.
Hayashida reaches Mihara and activates the lure, drawing Godzilla away from
Tokyo. The monster arrives at the volcano and triggers explosives that drop him
into the crater. The resulting eruption pulls Godzilla into the lava and deep
under the Earth's crust.
