---
title: New Tale of Zatoichi
---

Zatoichi, the blind masseuse and former _yakuza_, seeks shelter from pursuers.
He arrives at the home of his former master, Banno. Zatoichi is on the run from
Yasuhiko, the brother of Boss Kanbei, who Zatoichi slew. Banno keeps Zatoichi
safe in his abode. Meanwhile, Banno pressures his younger sister, Yayoi, to
marry a samurai. Banno lost his samurai estate after the defeat of his clan, and
seeks a better chance for Yayoi. In secret, Banno also supports the Mito Tengu
gang. The Mito Tengu are radical anti-shogunates that terrorize the countryside.
The gang is in need of funds, so Banno arranges the kidnapping of one of his
rich pupils and has him held for ransom.

Yayoi and Zatoichi confess their feelings for each other and desire to marry.
Zatoichi goes as far as swearing off the _yakuza_ life of violence and pleasure
that he has led up till then. Yasuhiko, taking advantage of Banno's absence,
challenges Zatoichi to a duel. True to his word, Zatoichi forswears violence,
and grovels and begs for his life instead. Yasuhiko refuses to draw against an
unarmed man, and throws dice to decide Zatoichi's fate. The dice roll against
Zatoichi, but Yasuhiko ignores them and leaves. When Banno returns and learns
about Zatoichi and Yayoi, he rejects Zatoichi and casts him out of the dojo.

Later, a drunk Yasuhiko affronts Banno, who kills him in cold blood. Zatoichi
learns of this and begins to turn against his master. He overhears the details
of the kidnapping, and intercepts the Mito Tengu gang. Zatoichi slaughters the
entire gang and frees the pupil. Banno, enraged, challenges Zatoichi, and they
duel while Yayoi watches. Zatoichi kills Banno. Unable to make good on his vow
to abandon his _yakuza_ ways, he takes his leave of Yayoi and departs.
