---
title: Parasyte
---

Mysterious parasites invade Japan and infect human brains. Overnight a large
swath of the population become monstrous, shape-shifting cannibals. One parasite
tries to infect Shinichi, a high school student. Shinichi keeps it from taking
his brain, so it infects his hand instead. The parasite, which calls itself
"Migi," decides to form a bond with Shinichi so it can survive. Shinichi
maintains his consciousness while other infected humans become mindless
monsters. One parasite, Tamiya, is cold and analytical and takes a post as a
teacher at Shinichi's school. She forms a group with Mr. A, an infected
policeman, and Shimada, an infected student. The other parasites see Shinichi as
a threat since he has retained his human mind. Tamiya insists on keeping him
alive for further study. She sees Shinichi and Migi as examples of how parasites
and humans can co-exist.

Mr. A rebels against Tamiya and attempts to kill Shinichi. Migi distracts Mr. A
while Shinichi impales him with a metal rod. Shinichi flees, leaving Mr. A to
die. Mr. A survives by jumping to another host: Shinichi's unsuspecting mother.
Mr. A, now disguised as Shinichi's mother, enters Shinichi's house. Migi warns
Shinichi that Mr. A infected his mother, but Shinichi refuses to believe him.
Mr. A attacks and pierces Shinichi's heart, leaving him and Migi both for dead.
Migi uses his own cells to repair the damage to Shinichi's body. Shinichi loses
part of his humanity in the process and becomes emotionless and cold. He swears
to eradicate all parasites to avenge his mother. Shinichi's classmate, Satomi,
admires his newfound confidence, but fears the darkness consuming him.

Shimada enrolls at Shinichi's school and becomes popular for his handsome
appearance. A group of girl students playing a harmless prank expose him as a
parasite. Shimada begins killing and his rampages overtakes the entire school.
Shinichi races to the scene to rescue Satomi, while Tamiya distracts Shimada.
Shinichi climbs an adjacent building and hurls a piece of rebar to impale
Shimada and kill him. Tamiya takes pity on Shinichi and tell him where he can
find Mr. A. Shinichi duels with Mr. A and kills him, and lays his mother to
rest. Meanwhile, several parasites disguised as politicians win a series of
local elections. Among them is an elite parasite assassin, Goto, who stands
ready to further their agenda.
