---
title: Death Note
---

Light Yagami is a law student disenchanted with the current state of the justice
system. He stumbles upon a mysterious notebook, the "Death Note," that claims it
can kill with a name. Light tests it by writing the names of criminals who have
escaped justice. Within minutes, the criminals all die, and Light realizes the
Death Note's power is real. Light meets Ryuk, the _shinigami_ who dropped the
Death Note. Ryuk admits he dropped it out of boredom and wanted to see what
would happen to it in the human world. Light uses the Death Note to become a
vigilante. Over time the mystery deaths attract notice and divide public
opinion. A cult-like following develops around the hypothetical murderer, named
"Kira." The police recognize that the deaths are unnatural and are likely
homicides. They enlist the help of the reclusive L, a master detective, to
discover Kira's identity.

Soichiro Yagami is the police inspector leading the investigation. He is also
Light's father. Light uses Soichiro's access to police records to stay ahead of
the police pursuit. Light's actions draw L's attention, and L realizes that Kira
has access to the case files. L also determines that Kira lives in the Tokyo
area, narrowing the search. Light learns how to manipulate the rules of the
Death Note to try and throw L off his scent. L brings in FBI agents to tail
persons of interest. Light pulls an elaborate stunt that allows him to name each
of the FBI agents and kill them all at once. Undeterred, L zeroes in on the
agent who had the closest contact with Kira, Iwamatsu. Iwamatsu's brief was to
tail the Yagami's, and L's suspicions begin to center on Light. L has the Yagami
family placed under 24 hour surveillance. Light has Ryuk locate the bugs in his
room and identify the blind spots. He uses discreet pieces of Death Note paper
to continue the killings unnoticed.

Iwamatsu's fianc√©e, Naomi, does her own investigation and concludes that Light
is Kira. She kidnaps Light's girlfriend, Shiori, and forces a confrontation at
an art gallery. While L and the police watch, Naomi taunts Light and tries to
get him to reveal himself. Shiori breaks free from Naomi and flees. Naomi aims
her gun at Light but the bullet hits Shiori instead. Shiori dies, and Naomi
commits suicide. Afterwards, Light tells Ryuk that he knew Naomi suspected him.
He learned her name so he could plan her death using the Death Note. He planned
for Shiori to die, too, so he could gain sympathy with the police. Soichiro
grants Light's request to join the Kira investigation. Light plans to use the
investigation not only as cover for himself, but also to get closer to his
arch-nemesis, L.
