---
title: Porco Rosso
---

Marco, a former ace pilot, now works as a bounty hunter thwarting pirates in the
Adriatic Sea. He also, for some mysterious reason, has the face of a pig, and
carries the nickname "Porco." He frequents a bar run by Gina, an old friend of
his. Gina lost several pilot husbands to the war. While she harbors romantic
feelings for Porco, she does not seek any new attachments. At Gina's bar Porco
meets Curtis, a cocky American pilot hired by the pirates to take him out. Porco
makes a trip to Milan to have his plane's engine repaired, when he is set upon
by Curtis. Curtis shoots down Porco's plane and claims victory. Porco manages to
salvage the fuselage and take it to Milan.

Porco meets up with his friend Piccolo, who runs a mechanic shop. Porco meets
Piccolo's spunky granddaughter, Fio, who is also his chief designer. Fio begs
Porco to let her redesign his plane to better compete with Curtis. Porco is
reluctant, but admires her enthusiasm and relents. Fio also decides to go with
Porco to the Adriatic, against Porco's wishes. The pirates accost Porco when
they return to his island hideout. Fio speaks up for Porco and insists that the
pirates conduct their affairs with honor. The pirates agree and settle to have
Porco duel with Curtis a second time. If Porco wins, Curtis has to pay off the
debt he incurred to repair the plane. If Curtis wins, he will take Fio, who he
is smitten with, to be his bride.

The duel draws a huge crowd of pirates and spectators alike. The duel continues
until both planes' guns jam, and Porco and Curtis land to box each other on the
beach. Curtis taunts Porco for not having the courage to return Gina's
affections. Gina herself arrives at the island, and her appearance spurs Porco
to win the duel. Gina warns everyone to clear out, as the Italian air force is
on its way to apprehend the pirates. Porco shoves Fio onto Gina's plane to go
back to Milan. He and Curtis take off to draw away the air force so everyone can
escape. As they hurry off to their planes, Curtis notices a change come over
Porto's face...
