---
title: 'One Missed Call: Final'
---

A group of Japanese high schoolers go on a class trip to Korea. During the trip,
they receive mysterious phone calls foretelling their deaths. If the recipient
doesn't forward the call before time runs out, they will die. If they forward
it, the person they forward it to dies. But no matter how often they forward the
calls, they keep coming and the deaths increase in intensity.

Emiri, one of the students, works with her Korean boyfriend Jinwo to investigate
the calls. They find out that the vengeful spirit of Mimiko has returned. Mimiko
was behind a series of cell phone murders a couple years earlier, and she has
not found peace yet. Meanwhile, Emiri receives calls from Asuka. Asuka was a
target for bullies and tried to hang herself, and is recovering at the hospital.
At first, Emiri supposes that Asuka has regained consciousness. But when she
phones the hospital, she discovers that Asuka is still in a coma. Mimiko's
spirit has infested Asuka's computer to gain access to the students'
information. He's been impersonating Asuka to taunt Emiri while she murders her
classmates.

Emiri and Jinwo hatch a plan to jam the connection to Asuka's computer. They
start a viral thread encouraging web surfers to flood Asuka's email inbox. Emiri
calls Asuka and confesses her negligence as a friend. Emiri was the original
target for the bullies, and when Asuka stood up for her, they went after her
instead. Asuka awakens from her coma and returns to her house, where she
encounters Mimiko's spirit. Finally, Emiri herself receives the call of death.
Emiri and Asuka are both transported to their school, and they confront Mimiko
and each other. Emiri decides to accept her fate as punishment for her
negligence, so long as she is Mimiko's last victim. At the last moment, the
connection to Asuka's computer jams, forcing Mimiko out of the network. Emiri
awakens with Jinwo, free from the curse. When she and Jinwo part, she realizes
too late that Jinwo has taken her cell phone. Jinwo receives the call of death
meant for Emiri and dies in her place, the last victim of Mimiko.
