---
title: 'Gamera: Guardian of the Universe'
---

A plutonium tanker run aground on a mysterious moving atoll. The encounter
disturbs Yonemori, a naval officer from the tanker's escort. He joins the
investigative team searching for the atoll. Meanwhile Nagamine, an
ornithologist, meets Osako, a police inspector. Osako is investigating the
disappearance of a research team on Himegami Island. Their last contact with the
team suggested that giant birds lived on the island. Nagamine and Osako arrive
on the island and find the research station in shambles. They learn that three
monstrous flying reptiles were responsible. The SDF recruits Nagamine to devise
a plan to capture the creatures.

Yonemori's team locates the atoll floating in the Pacific. They find an ancient
plaque embedded in the atoll's surface. The atoll becomes active and dives under
the surface, shedding its rocky exterior. Yonemori glimpses a giant turtle
emerging from the debris. Meanwhile Nagamine decides to lure the flying
creatures to the Fukuoka baseball stadium. They can close the domed roof to keep
the creatures in while the military tranquilizes them. The first phase of the
plan to lure the creatures is successful. The giant turtle monster appears in
Fukuoka and attacks the baseball stadium. It kills one of the creatures, while
the other two flee. Yonemori decides to name the monsters from the text
deciphered on the plaque. The giant turtle is "Gamera" and the flying creatures
are "Gyaos." The Gyaos are more vicious and hunt humans for food. Despite this,
the military prioritizes destroying Gamera, the bigger target. Yonemori meets
Asagi, the daughter of the lead researcher on his team. He gifts her a bead he
found on the atoll, and Asagi uses it to form a psychic bond with Gamera.

Gamera kills another Gyaos so that only one remains. During a skirmish with the
military, Gamera sustains severe injuries. Asagi feels the same pain as Gamera
and urges him to flee. Gamera retreats and hides in the bottom of Tokyo Bay.
Asagi falls into a coma. The last Gyaos grows to enormous size and attacks a
commuter train in Tokyo. The military attacks but only manages to destroy Tokyo
Tower. Gyaos builds a nest atop the ruined tower and lays eggs. Asagi awakens
from her coma and tells Nagamine and Yonemori that Gamera is coming. Gamera
appears in Tokyo and destroys the Gyaos nest. Gamera and Gyaos fight each other
on land and in the air. The battle culminates in a showdown in a burning
refinery. Asagi links with Gamera and delivers the final blow to Gyaos. Gamera
severs his link with Asagi and returns to the ocean.
