---
title: Mothra
---

A Japanese ship wrecks in a storm, and the survivors wash up on Infant Island.
The island was once the testing ground for nuclear weapons by the nation of
Rolisica. The rescued sailors show no signs of radiation sickness, shocking
scientists. Dr. Harada puts together an expedition to Infant Island to
investigate. Joining the expedition is Carl Nelson, a representative of
Rolisica. Also joining the expedition is reporter Fukuda, who stows away on the
research vessel. Nelson discovers Fukuda but Dr. Chujo vouches for him. When the
expedition reaches Infant Island they find a thriving tropical biome. They also
discover a sizable population of native islanders. Chujo encounters two tiny
twin women that the natives protect. Chujo deduces that the twins are
priestesses of their deity, Mothra. Harada and Chujo decide to leave the island
in peace. The greedy Nelson, though, returns and kidnaps the twins.

Nelson creates an exhibit for the twins, now called the _Shobijin_, and turns
them into his cash cow. The _Shobijin_ pray to Mothra to awaken and rescue them.
Mother hatches from its egg on Infant Island and heads for Japan. Chujo and
Fukuda warn Nelson that keeping the _Shobijin_ will bring Mothra to Japan.
Nelson refuses to surrender them, and flees with them back to Rolisica. Mothra
arrives in Tokyo following Nelson's trail, leaving destruction in its wake.
Mothra builds a cocoon against Tokyo Tower. It later emerges as a giant adult
moth, which flies to Rolisica.

Mothra appears in Rolisica and causes mass destruction and panic. The Rolisican
authorities confront Nelson and kill him when he attempts to escape. They rescue
the _Shobijin_ but are unable to quell Mothra's rage. Chujo remembers
inscriptions he translated from Infant Island, including Mothra's symbol. He
instructs the Rolisicans to paint Mothra's symbol on an airport runway and ring
all the bells in the city. The sight of the symbol and the noise of the bells is
enough to calm Mothra and it lands at the airport. The _Shobijin_ reunite with
Mothra and together they return to Infant Island.
