---
title: 'Eko Eko Azarak II: Birth of the Wizard'
---

Misa Kuroi lives alone and has few friends. They throw a party at her house for
high school graduation. When she goes out to grab more food, she notices a
strange man stalking her. She hurries back, but discovers a strange doctor has
killed her friends. He turns on her, but the stalker appears and saves her. He
takes her away in a stolen car, running over the doctor in the process. Misa
panics and flees to a nearby police station. One of the cops goes insane and
kills the other officers, and turns on Misa. Before he can touch her, the
stalker reappears and escapes with her again. The man, Saiga, tells Misa that
they are being chased by the spirit of Kirie, a hundred year old witch. She died
in 1880, but her foolish husband cast a spell to resurrect her. Kirie returned
but was not herself. She almost slew the entire village before entering her
hundred year sleep. The village elders sealed her, but knew she would reawaken
in the future. When she did, she would seek out a new body to inhabit. The
elders charged Saiga with finding and protecting that girl, who turns out to be
Misa.

Saiga and Misa hide in a remote cabin surrounded by a magical barrier. Saiga
teaches Misa her first spells, revealing her latent magical abilities. Misa
learns that Saiga is in fact Kirie's husband, and has waited a hundred years to
atone for his mistake. He actually met Misa on her fifth birthday, when he
passed her in the street and gave her a medallion. Saiga discovers that a
university researcher found Kirie's corpse during an excavation. Saiga and Misa
break into the university at night to try and locate the corpse to destroy it.
Kirie possesses Misa's friend Shoko and chases them. While hiding from Kirie,
Saiga gives Misa instructions about her medallion. The medallion comes with a
curse that will destroy whoever is wearing it. Saiga intended to use it on Misa
as a last resort to keep her from Kirie's clutches. He teaches her the spell and
warns her not to use it except as a last resort. Saiga comforts Misa, and she
falls asleep.

Saiga leaves Misa to hunt down Kirie. Kirie gets the better of him, but he still
manages to dismember her host body. Misa awakens and discovers that Kirie has
possessed Saiga. She flees to a lecture hall, where Kirie has laid a magical
symbol for her final possession. Misa realizes that Saiga had taken her
medallion off her while she slept and is now wearing it. Misa invokes the spell
to destroy Saiga's body. Kirie's corpse revives and pounces on Misa. Saiga's
spirit contends with Kirie and teaches Misa a new spell to send Kirie back to
the afterlife. After dispatching Kirie, Misa collects Saiga's things and becomes
a witch.
