---
title: All-Round Appraiser Q: The Eyes of Mona Lisa
---
Ogasawara is a struggling reporter looking for his next big story. He discovers Riko, a self-dubbed “all round appraiser.” Riko has an uncanny ability to distinguish genuine articles from counterfeits. She can also gauge their value with near absolute precision. The Tokyo Art Museum plans to host the Mona Lisa and recommends Riko to the Louvre for a curator program. Ogasawara decides to do a feature on Riko and tails her. Riko enters a training program led by Louvre representative Richard. Another candidate, Misa, is hostile to Riko at first, but warms to her and helps train her. During the training, Riko’s skills deteriorate and she misidentifies several items. Depressed and ashamed, Riko withdraws from the curator program.

Ogasawara has faith in Riko, and investigates the training program. He discovers that Richard and his accomplice Misa rigged the training protocol. They forced Riko to identify counterfeits as genuine, which dulled her skills. Ogasawara shares his findings with Riko to restore her confidence. They realize that Richard and Misa forced Riko out of the program so they could carry out a heist. The Mona Lisa arrives in Japan, and Misa steals it from its secure vault for Richard. When Riko confronts Misa, Misa recounts the history of Vincent Peruggia. Peruggia was a thief who stole the Mona Lisa and plotted to sell it. The Louvre claimed it had recovered the original and hung a forgery instead. Peruggia was never able to sell the painting he stole because no one believed it was the original. Richard is a descendent of Peruggia, and possesses the stolen painting. He plans to swap the painting from the Louvre with his original and expose the Louvre’s deception. Riko realizes that Richard has tricked Misa misleading her about the painting’s authenticity. The Louvre did in fact recover the original from Peruggia. They published misleading information on purpose to identify counterfeits in circulation. The police arrest Misa and work with Ogasawara and Riko to track down Richard.

The police track down Richard’s last known location and recover a burnt Mona Lisa. Misa confirms the burnt painting is a fake, and realizes that Richard betrayed her after all. He had always planned to steal the original and used the false story to get her cooperation. The police intercept Richard at the port before he can flee the country. Riko and Misa work together to identify the original painting among the copies Richard hid it in. Riko redeems her reputation, but declines to resume the curator program. Riko and Ogasawara enjoy viewing the Mona Lisa exhibit as patrons instead.