---
title: 'Eko Eko Azarak: Wizard of Darkness'
---

A series of unusual deaths occur throughout the city. Mizuno, an avid student of
magic, realizes that the deaths form a pentagram with his school at the center.
He believes someone is attempting to summon Lucifer, the lord of darkness. Misa
Kuroi, a recent transfer student, also studies magic. She proves her prowess to
her classmates by placing a curse on an abusive teacher. She also rescues the
class rep, Mizuki, from a voodoo attack. Misa gives Mizuki a charm to protect
her from reprisals. While the other students admire Misa, Mizuno becomes
jealous. A serious traffic accident almost kills the cursed teacher and Mizuno
accuses Misa. Shindo, who has taken a liking to Misa, stands up to defend her.

Shirai, Misa's teacher, calls several students back after school to retake an
exam. She leaves after passing out the exam but fails to return and dismiss
them. Night falls and the students excuse themselves, but are unable to leave
the school. All the windows have locked and all exits lead students back inside
the school. The number "13" appears on the blackboard, the same as the number of
students trapped in school. Misa realizes that they are the final sacrifices
necessary to resurrect Lucifer. Demonic forces attack the students and with each
death the number on the board counts down. Misa and Shindo leave the others to
try and find a way out of the school. Misa tells Shindo that she came to the
school to investigate the pentagram murders. The magical field around the school
has neutralized her powers, and she is helpless. She fears Shindo will die like
everyone else who has ever been close to her. The demonic forces take control of
Mizuno and he hunts down the remaining students. He attacks Shindo and kills him
before Misa's eyes, and then kills himself.

Misa discovers Shirai in an old art classroom. Shirai has been conducting voodoo
attacks on the students, and Misa accuses her. Shirai attacks Misa with an axe
but impales herself on accident. Misa and Mizuki are now the last students. Misa
discovers that Mizuki was the mastermind behind the pentagram killings. Mizuki
neutralized Misa's powers with her own voodoo doll. Mizuki destroys the doll,
causing Misa to disappear. Mizuki completes the ritual and summons Lucifer. She
tries to contain Lucifer's power within her body. The ritual backfires, and
Lucifer destroys Mizuki. She drops Misa's charm, and it morphs into a revived
Misa. Misa bids farewell to Shindo and departs.
