---
title: 'Always: Sunset on Third Street'
---

It is the mid 1950s in downtown Tokyo. Construction is almost complete on Tokyo
Tower, the tallest structure in the city. Mutsuko arrives from her school in the
boonies for a work study program. She’s assigned to work with Suzuki in his auto
repair shop. Suzuki is gruff, but Mutsuko endears herself to his wife, Tomoe.
Across the street lives Chagawa, a struggling novelist. One day he meets Hiromi,
a former dancer who has recently opened a bar on the same street. With her is
Junnosuke, the abandoned son of one of her old dancer friends. Hiromi asks
Chagawa’s help to take care of Junnosuke. Chagawa is smitten with Hiromi, and
accepts.

Chagawa’s modest career has made him resentful, but he begins to warm to
Junnosuke. Chagawa, Junnosuke and Hiromi all grow closer together over the next
year. Finally Chagawa proposes to Hiromi on Christmas Eve. Hiromi accepts, but
immediately disappears. Her past debts have caught up with her, forcing her to
close her bar and return to dancing. Her sudden departure shatters Chagawa.
Kawabuchi, a wealthy businessman and Junnosuke’s father, visits Chagawa’s house.
He decides to take responsibility for his offspring and takes custody of
Junnosuke. After they leave, Chagawa panics and chases after them. Junnosuke
also flees from Kawabuchi and reunites with Chagawa. They return to Chagawa’s
store and wait for Hiromi to return.

Mutsuko, meanwhile, has rebuffed all attempts by the Suzuki’s to give her a
vacation. She is the sixth child of a poor rural family, and she fears that she
is not wanted at home during the busy holidays. Tomoe encourages Mutsuko by
showing her the letters she’s received from her family. They’ve written every
week since she arrived in Tokyo to inquire after her. Mutsuko relents and takes
her leave from the Suzuki’s for the holidays. On the train ride out of town
Mutsuko finally sees the completed Tokyo Tower in all its glory.
