---
title: Invasion of Astro-Monster
---

A new planet appears in the solar system, designated Planet X. Astronauts Fuji
and Glenn embark on a mission to explore the new planet. They meet the natives
of X, robotic aliens under attack from King Ghidorah the space monster. The
aliens beg the astronauts to let them borrow the Earth monsters, Godzilla and
Rodan, to fight for them. In exchange they promise to deliver a cure for all
known Earth diseases. The astronauts present the request to the UN, and the
member states all agree to grant it. The Japanese military locates Godzilla and
Rodan in their respective hiding places. They also discover alien saucers
already placed to take possession of the monsters. Fuji and Glenn grow
suspicious of the aliens' motives. Meanwhile Fuji's sister Haruno is dating a
quirky inventor, Tetsuo. Tetsuo sells his latest invention to a toy company,
represented by Miss Namikawa. Tetsuo earns a large sum, although the toy is only
an obnoxious noisemaker. Namikawa also flirts with Glenn before they return to
space.

Fuji and Glenn join the alien escort bringing the monsters to Planet X. Godzilla
and Rodan fight King Ghidorah and succeed in driving it away. Fuji and Glenn
discover that Planet X has a severe water shortage. Earth's oceans would make it
an attractive target for conquest. They also discover that all females on X are
synthetic, and exactly resemble Namikawa. Glenn realizes that Namikawa is an
alien in disguise. The aliens send the astronauts back to Earth with a tape they
claim contains their miracle cure. When they play the tape for the UN, it turns
out to contain an ultimatum. The aliens have placed Godzilla, Rodan and King
Ghidorah under their mind control. They demand Earth surrender to their rule or
they will unleash the monsters.

Glenn confronts Namikawa, and she confesses her allegiance to X. She also
confesses she loves him, which causes her superior to have her executed. Before
she dies, Namikawa reveals to Glenn the aliens' weakness. She bought Tetsuo's
invention because it emits a frequency that is fatal to them. Glenn and Tetsuo
escape from the aliens and alert the authorities. Tetsuo broadcasts the noise on
Earth's airwaves to disrupt the aliens' mind control. The aliens' retreat and
self destruct their ships and bases. Godzilla and Rodan, now freed from their
control, turn on King Ghidorah and defeat him again. Fuji accepts Tetsuo as a
suitable match for Haruno, and he and Glenn prepare for further missions to X.
