---
title: _Kagemusha_
---

Shingen Takeda, leader of the Takeda clan, suffers grievous wounds during a
siege. Takeda instructs his generals to manage his clan in the event of his
death. They are to keep his death a secret and abstain from further conquests.
After three years he hopes a lasting peace will finally blossom. The generals
hire a common thief who exactly resembles Takeda to impersonate him. This thief,
called the _Kagemusha_, or "shadow decoy," takes Takeda's place after his death.
The _Kagemusha_ fools the retinue at his mansion, even the servants who were
closest to Takeda. Rival warlords Nobunaga Oda and Ieyasu Tokugawa are also
tricked. They suspect a double, but the _Kagemusha_'s appearance is enough to
intimidate them. They refrain from their own conquests until they can be
certain.

Katsuyori, Takeda's son, resents the _Kagemusha_. Even though he is the rightful
ruler of the clan, he must submit to the _Kagemusha_ until the three years are up.
He also desires to embark on his own conquests, which the generals have also
forbidden. Over the next year and a half, the _Kagemusha_ becomes more and more
like Takeda. Even Katsuyori and the generals sometimes forget he's only an
impersonator. Finally the _Kagemusha_ makes a fatal error and attempts to mount
Takeda's old horse. The horse isn't fooled and bucks him. When the servants
treat him, they realize he is a fraud. The generals, now found out, have no
choice but to expel the _Kagemusha_ and elevate Katsuyori as head of the clan.

Katsuyori leads an ill-advised assault against Nobunaga and Tokugawa. The
opposing forces have superior firepower and destroy Katsuyori's forces with
minimal effort. The _Kagemusha_ watches the clan's defeat in agony. The massacre
is so great even Katsuyori and the generals flee. Finally only the _Kagemusha_
remains. He grabs a spear and makes a lonely charge against the enemy for the
honor of his clan.
