---
title: 'Kamen Rider: The Next'
---

Hongo is a struggling teacher in a rowdy school. He becomes concerned with one
of his students, Kikuma, who is often absent. Kikuma reveals that she was
childhood friend with Chiharu, Japan's hottest pop star. Her last conversation
with Chiharu indicated that the pop star was contemplating suicide. Hongo and
Kikuma go to visit Chiharu, but a mysterious force attacks and kills her. Before
dying Chiharu confesses that she is not the real Chiharu, but a double made to
look like her. Soldiers from the underground terrorist group Shocker appear and
attack Hongo. Kikuma realizes Hongo is the Kamen Rider, a Shocker defector on
the run from the organization. Kamen Rider fights off Shocker and takes Kikuma
with him. They decide to confront Chiharu's brother, Shiro, about his sister's
well-being.

Shiro is also revealed to be a Shocker agent. Shocker dispersed nano-robots into
his office converted him into a self-healing cyborg. Shiro suits up as Kamen
Rider V3 and attacks Hongo. Ichimonji, the second Kamen Rider, appears and
rescues Hongo and Kikuma. Ichimonji, also a defector, is unable to cope with
being a cyborg apart from Shocker treatment. His body is rejecting the Shocker
implants and he is losing strength, but he pledges to help Hongo. Kikuma
confronts another Chiharu double to learn what happened to the real Chiharu. She
find out that a freak backstage accident disfigured Chiharu's face. Chiharu
succumbed to depression and committed suicide by jumping off the studio roof.
Something in Chiharu refused to die and the doubles believe she is to blame for
their deaths. Shiro realizes that Chiharu was also converted in to a cyborg. She
had come to visit him in the office right before Shocker arrived. The
nano-robots are keeping her alive in a tormented state. Shiro joins forces with
Hongo and Ichimonji to fight Shocker and save Chiharu.

Shocker plans to spread the nano-robots over the entire country to create an
army of cyborgs. The Kamen Riders attack a Shocker convoy and destroy the
shipment of nano-robots.. Shiro infiltrates Shocker's headquarters and
encounters a mutated Chiharu. Shiro apologizes to Chiharu for failing to protect
her and puts her out of her misery. Hongo and Kikuma return to their everyday
life as teacher and student. Ichimonji disappears into the night and is never
seen again.
