---
title: I Am A Hero
---

Hideo is an overworked manga assistant artist. He has no prospects and daydreams
about being a hero. His girlfriend, Tetsuko, argues with him over finances.
Hideo refuses to sell his hunting shotgun, which he's never used. Tetsuko kicks
him out of the apartment for the night, but repents and asks him to return in
the morning. When he does, a vicious zombie Tetsuko attacks him. Hideo struggles
with her and kills her on accident. Hideo discovers that a zombie virus is
running rampant throughout the city. He takes his meager possessions and tries
to stay ahead of the turbulent mob. He partners with a young high school
student, Hiromi, and they escape to the Fuji area. They hope they can escape the
virus' effects in the high altitude.

Hiromi confesses to Hideo that she has the virus, although it is an immature
variant. She succumbs to its effects but retains her will and some of her
personality. She remains loyal to Hideo and uses her zombie strength to protect
him. They arrive at an outlet mall overrun by zombies, and seek refuge with a
group of survivors. Irui, the leader of the survivors, demands that Hideo
surrender his shotgun to them. They need weapons to sneak into the storerooms
under the mall and gather supplies. Irui tries to hold Hiromi hostage. Irui
discovers that Hiromi is half-zombie and shoots her instead. She survives, and a
nurse, Oda, tends to her. Oda is sympathetic to Hideo's plight and promises to
take care of Hiromi for him.

Some of the survivors stage a coup and force Irui to lead the group searching
for the food store. Irui separates from them and reaches the security room. He
plays music over the loudspeaker to lure the zombies underground and attack the
group. Hideo survives by locking himself in a cabinet. Meanwhile an athletic
zombie breaches the survivors' rooftop refuge and attacks, infecting everyone.
Oda and Hiromi flee, and Hideo hears Oda's pleas on the radio. Hideo finds the
courage to venture out of his hiding spot and recover his shotgun. Oda and
Hiromi find an infected Irui, who chases them. Hideo kills Irui to save them.
Hideo then faces down a horde of hundreds of zombies and kills them all with his
shotgun. Afterwards, they take a car and escape the mall, driving further up the
slopes of Mt. Fuji.
