---
title: 'Battle Royale II: Requiem'
---

Kitano, a teacher who presided over the brutal BR program, died at the
conclusion of his last game. Nanahara, a former student, is responsible.
Nanahara has since formed a terrorist cell, Wild 7, and attacks Japan for
revenge. Kitano left behind a daughter, Shiori, who volunteers for the new BRII
program. Instead of forcing students to fight each other, BRII makes them fight
Wild 7. Shiori and her class go to Wild 7's island base, and many of them die
during the landing. Wild 7 realizes they are fighting students, not soldiers,
and spare them instead. The BRII students later join forces with Wild 7 to repel
a special ops team sent to mop up. Shiori struggles with her feelings towards
Nanahara. She wants to take revenge for her father, but he fascinates her, too.

The students struggle to come to terms with the pointless struggle they are in.
Nanahara also confesses to having misgivings about his actions. He does not know
if he is honoring his fallen classmates by committing acts of terrorism.
Nanahara broadcasts a message encouraging the younger generations to find
purpose. A missile strike pounds the island, followed by an amphibious assault.
Nanahara and Wild 7 fight for their lives.

Nanahara sends the students away through an escape tunnel. Shiori remains behind
to fight with Wild 7. When she sustains a mortal injury, she reveals to Nanahara
her relationship to Kitano. She asks him about Nakagawa, the girl from the last
BR program that Kitano idolized. Shiori realizes her father was miserable
because she did not respect him. After Shiori dies, Nanahara escapes from the
island. He travels to the Middle East, where he reunites with Nakagawa.
