---
title: 'K-20: Legend of the Mask'
---

In an alternate history, where WWII never happened, Japanese society has
stratified. A rich upper class enjoys luxuries unknown to the poorer working
classes. The upper classes are a frequent target of the masked thief, K-20. He
continues to elude the detective pursuing him, Akechi. Akechi's fianc√©e, Yoko,
is the daughter of the late business magnate Hashiba. Hashiba did business with
Nikola Tesla and allegedly possessed a wireless energy device. Meanwhile, Endo
is an acrobat performing in a circus for the lower and middle classes. Endo's
ringleader falls ill, and he takes a job from a tabloid reporter to support him.
The reporter sends him to snap pictures of Akechi's and Yoko's engagement
ceremony. A bomb goes off at the ceremony, and the police arrest Endo and accuse
him of being K-20. Endo realizes that the tabloid reporter, K-20 in disguise,
framed him. Endo's mentor at the circus, Genji, rallies a group of thieves to
rescue him from prison. Endo returns to the circus but finds it destroyed by the
police. The orphaned stagehands live on the streets in poverty. Endo despises
thieves, but must depend on them to help clear his name and save the orphans.
Genji helps Endo train and learn the secrets of thief craft so he can match wits
with K-20 at their next meeting.

While out training, Endo rescues Yoko from a pursuing K-20. Yoko tells Endo that
K-20 is after a painting from her father's collection. She thinks the painting
contains a clue to the hiding place of her father's Tesla device, and K-20
thinks the same. Akechi currently keeps the painting in his office for safe
keeping. Endo and Genji try to steal the painting, but Akechi captures them.
Genji entices Akechi by suggesting an X-ray camera would reveal the clues in the
painting. Akechi forms a tenuous alliance with them. Akechi gains access to the
military's prototype X-ray camera. While Endo, as K-20, distracts the military,
Akechi and Genji use the camera on the painting. The clues point to the location
of the device inside Hashiba Tower. An unseen assailant shoots Akechi from the
window. Yoko stays with him while Endo and Genji go to retrieve the device.

Endo and Genji activate the device, which is huge and fills the whole tower. It
has the power to power entire cities, or destroy them with targeted bursts. K-20
appears and duels with Endo for control of the device. Endo unmasks K-20 and
reveals him to be Akechi. Akechi has been living a double life as both the
master thief and the detective pursuing him. He came from the lower classes and
resents the upper classes for their oppression. He plans to use the device to
destroy the major industrial cities along with the wealth of the upper class.
Genji thwarts Akechi by sabotaging the device, rigging it to destroy itself. The
device causes an energy burst to destroy the tower. Endo and Genji escape but
Akechi perishes. Akechi was the only one with the credibility to clear Endo's
name. Endo decides to assume the mantle of K-20 himself, in his own way, and
parts ways with Yoko.
