---
title: God's Left Hand, Devil's Right Hand
---

Sou is a young boy who has outlandish dreams and nightmares, which he often
shares with his sister Izumi. In one nightmare he witnesses a gruesome murder.
Sou's sister Izumi watches in horror as Sou acquires the same fatal injury as
the victim in his dream. Sou's family rushes him to the hospital and he
stabilizes, but is in a coma. Izumi recalls a conversation with Sou when he
predicted this might happen. He gave her cryptic instructions, involving a red
cell phone, a yellow train, and a girl with a blue phone.

Izumi finds a wrecked red phone, through which she can communicate with Sou in
his coma. Izumi travels far out into the country, where she meets Yoshiko, the
girl with the blue phone. Yoshiko is looking for her friend Ayu, who has been
missing for several days. Izumi remembers Sou's instructions to rescue a girl in
a white house. Izumi and Yoshiko find the white house, which belongs to the
reclusive Kubota. Kubota's paralyzed daughter, Momo, stays home all day while
Kubota works. Kubota draws disturbing picture books for Momo, thinking that she
enjoys them. Izumi and Yoshiko arrive and find Ayu's remains. Kubota appears and
captures them, killing them with a nail gun. Kubota depicts their deaths in his
next picture book. Momo realizes that Kubota's books are all based on murders
he's committed and accuses him. Kubota flies into a rage and decides to have
Momo killed, too.

Izumi appears, having survived Kubota's murder attempt. She tries to fend off
Kubota, but he stabs her. Izumi's body contorts and Sou bursts out of her. Sou
asserts the same power he possesses from his dreams, the power to destroy bad
guys and save good guys. He destroys Kubota and resurrects Izumi. Everyone flees
Kubota's house as it's also destroyed. All the remains is Kubota's last picture
book, which contains his evil spirit. Izumi, Sou, and Momo light a fire and burn
the book together.
