---
title: Onmyoji II
---

In the Heian period, ghosts and supernatural forces are common in the capital
city. A ferocious demon appears and targets certain nobles of divine descent.
Seimei, a renowned _onmyoji_, the order of exorcists living in the capital,
investigates. Seimei's friend, Hiromasa, attempts to woo the tomboy princess
Himiko. One day Himiko and Hiromasa meet Susa, a vagrant boy who happens to be a
talented musician. While for playing for Himiko, Susa and Himiko grow strange
symbols on their arms. Susa panics and flees. Himiko's father, Fujiwara, seeks
Seimei's counsel. He reveals to Seimei that he is not Himiko's birth father. He
found her during a raid on Izumo eighteen years earlier. Fujiwara discovered
that Himiko possessed spiritual powers, even in infancy. Back then there was a
solar eclipse. Another eclipse occurred recently, right before the demon attacks
began. Fujiwara fears that Himiko and the demon share a connection.

Seimei and Hiromasa discover the demon attacks. The demon only devours certain
parts of each victim, following Izumo occult diagrams. Furthermore, each victim
is a descendant of the gods in the court of the sun goddess, Amaterasu. If the
demon devours two more victims, it will break the seal on the holy sword of
Yamato in the royal treasury. The emperor took the sword as plunder during the
raid on Izumo. Seimei lays a trap for the demon, and discovers the demon is the
boy Susa. Susa's father, the sorcerer Genkaku, goads Susa and allows him to
escape the trap. Susa tracks down and takes another victim. Only one remains
before the ritual is complete.

Himiko approaches Seimei and asks him to investigate the link between her and
Susa. They return to her ruined village in Izumo. There they learn how Genkaku
placed a curse on Susa when he was a newborn. Susa would grow to become the
reincarnation of the raging god Susano-o and avenge Izumo. The curse also struck
Himiko, making her the reincarnation of the goddess Amaterasu. Seimei realizes
that Himiko and Susa are brother and sister, and Genkaku is her father. Himiko
is the final sacrifice required to completed the ritual. Genkaku appears and
traps Seimei in a holy barrier, and forces Susa to kill Himiko. The seal breaks
on the holy sword, and Susa transforms into the raging god. They return to the
capital, take back the sword, and use their power to attack the royal palace.
Hiromasa and Seimei conduct their own ritual to revive Amaterasu. Genkaku learns
of their plot and stabs Seimei. Seimei's blood completes the ritual, and the
spirit of Himiko appears. Himiko casts out Susano-o and welcomes Susa to join
her in the afterlife. Himiko forgives Genkaku for cursing them. Genkaku repents
and casts a healing spell on Seimei at the cost of his own life.
