---
title: 'Lorelei: The Witch of the Pacific Ocean'
---

In August 1945, the U.S. drops the first A-bomb on Hiroshima. Captain Asakura
recruits Lt. Commander Masami to command a new submarine. The submarine, the
I-507, is a German submarine that they hope will thwart a second bombing. Masami
sets out for the American air base where the bombers launch from. Unbeknownst to
Masami, Asakura is acting on his own without orders from Naval Command. At sea,
Masami learns that his crew includes reassigned kamikaze pilots, including
Origasa. The I-507 also possesses an advanced targeting system called "Lorelei."
When the I-507 encounters American battleships, Masami activates Lorelei.
Lorelei turns out to be a targeting system that can map its surroundings without
sonar. Once clear of the battleship, Masami learns about Paul, the girl with ESP
who operates Lorelei. The Germans experimented on her to unleash her latent
psychic powers to drive the system. Masami has no hope of breaking American
blockades without Paula. But extended use of Lorelei drains Paula's energy and
causes her mental distress. Masami assigns Origasa as Paula's caretaker. Through
his encounters with her, Origasa releases his desire to be a kamikaze.

The second A-bomb drops on Nagasaki. A mutiny occurs aboard the I-507, organized
by Asakura. Asakura speaks to Masami by radio and explains himself. He plans to
turn over the sub to the Americans so that the next bomber can launch. The next
bomb will hit Tokyo, wiping out the most important Japanese city. Asakura would
rather have Japan destroyed by the Americans than surrender. Asakura
assassinates the Japanese diplomat negotiating for peace, and then kills
himself. Masami overthrows the mutineers and retakes control of the sub. Despite
overwhelming odds he vows to stop the next bomber.

The next morning, the I-507 passes through the defensive blockade around the
U.S. island base. Origasa supports Paula while she operates Lorelei to get them
through. Masami then sends them both away from the battlefield in a mini-sub.
The I-507 surfaces and uses its cannons to destroy the bomber right after take
off. The bomber crashes and the bomb itself sinks into the ocean. The I-507
submerges under heavy retaliatory fire from the Americans. The fate of the I-507
remains a mystery, but Origasa and Paul survive and return to Japan.
