---
title: The Three Treasures
---

Ousu, a prince of Yamato, is next in line to inherit the throne from his father,
the Emperor. Otomo, the senior advisor to the Emperor, despises Ousu. Otomo
intends to displace him with one of the Emperor's weaker sons so he can have
more influence. Otomo convinces the Emperor to send Ousu on a suicide mission to
topple the Kumaso region. Ousu travels to Ise Shrine to receive the blessing of
the priestesses there. He meets Tachibana, who has taken a vow to remain a
virgin at the shrine for life. Ousu loves Tachibana but cannot hope for anything
beyond the platonic.

Ousu leads his men into Kumaso and smuggles himself into the court of the Kumaso
brothers. Ousu slays the elder Kumaso outright and duels the younger Kumaso to
the death. The younger Kumaso confesses his admiration of Ousu and gives him the
name "Yamato Takeru." Ousu returns to Yamato victorious, much to the displeasure
of Otomo. Otomo immediately sends Ousu out on another mission, this time to
neutralize Owari. Ousu decides to marry the princess of the Owari so they can
resolve the dispute without violence. Tachibana complicates his plans when she
follows him to Owari. She is ready to abandon her vow so she can be with Ousu.
Otomo bribes an Owari village chief to lay a trap for Ousu, but the plan fails.
Ousu fears the Emperor is behind the attempt and flees Japan with Tachibana as
his wife.

At sea, Ousu has a change of heart and decides to return and reconcile with his
father. On the return voyage a terrible storm threatens to sink his ship.
Tachibana realizes the storm is divine anger for her broken vows. She throws
herself into the ocean as penance and the storm dissipates. Ousu and his men
head to Yamato, and Otomo's men ambush them. Ousu dies to Otomo's archers. His
spirit rises like a crane, and causes a volcanic eruption to consume Otomo's
men. Ousu's surviving men encourage the Yamato people to restore the nation in
his honor.
