---
title: 'Gamera 3: Revenge of Iris'
---

Gyaos monsters are appearing around the world with increasing frequency. Gamera,
the enemy of Gyaos, fights with several of them in Shibuya. Gamera destroys the
Gyros, but also destroys much of Shibuya in the process. The spectacle causes
public opinion to turn against Gamera. Meanwhile in a remote mountain village, a
girl named Ayana lives with her extended family. Her parents died when Gamera
first appeared four years ago. She harbors a deep-seated hatred for Gamera.
Ayana discovers an egg inside a shrine in the woods. The egg hatches into a baby
tentacled monster. Ayana names the monster Iris, and plans to use it to take
revenge on Gamera. Moribe, a boy from Ayana's school, knows about Iris and
doubts Ayana can control it.

Iris feeds on animals in the forest and grows bigger. It attempts to fuse with
Ayana, but Moribe rescues her. Iris attacks her village and retreats into the
mountains. The military hunts for Iris but finds it has grown to monstrous size.
Ayana goes to Kyoto for medical attention, and Iris follows. Gamera intercepts
Iris in midair, but the military targets Gamera and shoots him down. Iris
descends to Kyoto as a typhoon makes landfall, and the military is helpless to
intervene.

Gamera returns and battles Iris in Kyoto while Ayana watches. Iris beats Gamera
and turns on Ayana. Moribe gets Ayana to snap out of her stupor but is too late
to stop the fusion. While fused with Iris, Ayana hallucinates and realizes the
damage she's caused. Gamera thrusts his hand into Iris to free Ayana. Iris tries
to kill Gamera with a fire attack, but Gamera turns the energy back on Iris.
Iris dies and Gamera protects Ayana from the explosion. Ayana apologizes to
Moribe for her actions. A giant swarm of Gyaos heads for Japan, and Gamera goes
to fight them.
