---
title: Kaiji 2
---

Kaiji is a reckless, irresponsible gambler. He once again finds himself at the
mercy of the cruel Teiai corporation. Teiai preys upon young men like Kaiji,
forcing them into manual labor to pay off their debts. He conspires with his
fellow inmates to nail their warden for cheating at dice. They reclaim a large
pool of winnings and use it to buy Kaiji two weeks of respite plus one million
yen. Kaiji plans to use the million to win enough money to pay off the debts of
the other inmates and free them. He runs into Tonegawa, a former Teiai executive
who Kaiji had disgraced. Tonegawa directs him to a casino run by Ichijo, an
upstart who took Tonegawa's place in Teiai. The centerpiece of the casino is a
massive pachinko game called "The Swamp." A jackpot at The Swamp exceeds a
billion yen. Kaiji allies with fellow gambler, Sakazaki, and they plot how to
beat The Swamp.

Sakazaki introduces Kaiji to Hiromi, who works at the casino. Kaiji realizes
that Hiromi is the daughter of Ishida, who he met during his last conflict with
Teiai. Ishida died during a death-defying gamble trying to win his freedom.
Hiromi agrees to work with Sakazaki to rig The Swamp in their favor. When
Sakazaki next plays The Swamp, his plan fails. Hiromi reveals that she betrayed
them to Ichijo, who changed The Swamp to defeat Sakazaki. Hiromi also tells
Kaiji that she is aware he was with her father when he died and holds him partly
responsible. To recoup their winnings, Kaiji must play another death-defying
game. He must choose the correct door to escape from a pit, or else a man-eating
lion will maul him to death. Kaiji manages to beat the game with help from
Tonegawa. Tonegawa joins forces with Kaiji and Sakazaki to bring down Ichijo.

The trio returns to take on The Swamp. Hiromi tips off Ichijo, who expects to
apprehend them for cheating. Kaiji and Tonegawa outwit him and continue playing.
Ichijo realizes that Tonegawa tricked him into making The Swamp easier to play.
Ichijo panics and makes the machine tilt to keep the balls from hitting the
jackpot. The tilt is so great that the balls clog the exit tubes. It's only a
matter of time until the balls reach the jackpot. Kaiji runs out of money and
appeals to Hiromi. He reveals his full relationship with Ishida and vouches for
his character. Hiromi decides to take out a loan to push another round of balls
down the machine. They hit the jackpot and collect the payout. Teiai apprehends
Ichijo and forces him into manual labor as penance for losing a billion yen.
Kaiji, Tonegawa, Sakazaki, and Hiromi split the winnings and make fresh starts.
Kaiji uses his winnings to free his fellow inmates and they celebrate.
