---
title: Rebirth of Mothra 3
---

The Elias are a family of three fairy sisters: Belvera, Moll, and Lora. Belvera
is evil and selfish, while Moll and Lora are good and serve Mothraleo, the son
of Mothra. Belvera tricks her sisters into unveiling the sacred Elias triangles.
She escapes with one of them, leaving Moll and Lora with the other two. Legends
say that combining the triangles yields a powerful force. Belvera wants to use
them to subjugate the world. The monster King Ghidorah appears, and uses its
evil powers to trap children under a sealed dome. The Elias summon Mothraleo to
fight Ghidorah, but the monster is too powerful for Mothraleo to overcome.
Ghidorah casts a spell on Lora, causing her to betray Moll. They fall from
Mothraleo, Lora falling inside the dome, and Moll landing outside of it.

Moll meets Shota, a reclusive boy who escaped Ghidorah by not being at school
when it attacked. She explains that Ghidorah appeared millions of years ago and
destroyed the dinosaurs. Now it plans to destroy mankind in the present age.
Moll uses the last of her strength to send Mothraleo into the past, where he has
a chance of defeating Ghidorah. If Mothraleo can beat Ghidorah in the past, it
will cause the Ghidorah in the present to disappear. She bestows her piece of
the Elias triangle to Shota, and turns to stone. Shota runs up to Ghidorah and
taunts him, tricking him into putting him in the dome, too. Inside the dome, the
possessed Lora has already subdued Belvera. Shota pleads with her, and manages
to restore her to her former state.

Mothraleo arrives in the past, during the age of the dinosaurs. Mothraleo and
the younger Ghidorah battle. Mothraleo wins by severing its tail and throwing
the dragon into an active volcano. Mothraleo collapses, and her prehistoric
ancestors encase her in a cocoon. In the present, Ghidorah disappears, and the
children go free. All is not as it appears to be, though, and Belvera and Lora
realize that history has not changed. Sure enough, the severed tail that
remained for millions of years revives Ghidorah. Mothraleo also awakens from his
suspended animation in a new battle form. The two monsters duel once more, with
Mothraleoâ€™s new armor plating giving him the advantage. Mothraleo tears a hole
through Ghidorah, killing the dragon outright. Mothraleo returns to his original
form, and instructs the Elias to use the Elias triangle to revive Moll.
