---
title: The Living Skeleton
---

Saeko is an orphaned girl living under the care of Father Akashi at his church
by the sea. One day while out diving she comes across the derelict remains of
the _Dragon King_. Three years ago the crew of _Dragon King_ mutinied and
plundered the ship. Saeko's twin sister Yoriko and her husband, Nishizato, were
on board at the time. They were never heard from again after the mutiny. The
mutineers have lived off the plunder since then and have so far escaped justice.

The mutineers have disturbing visions of Yoriko, and believe she is haunting
them. One by one the mutineers fall prey to elaborate deaths, instigated by
Yoriko's specter. Soon only two remain: Suetsugu, and the ringleader Tanuma.
Saeko appears to Father Akashi and confesses that she committed the murders. She
used her resemblance to Yoriko to frighten the mutineers to their deaths. She
became aware of who they were after searching the wreckage of _Dragon King_.
Akashi begs her to repent of her deeds, and at first Saeko does. Little does
Saeko know that Akashi is in fact the long lost Tanuma in disguise. Tanuma
subdues Akashi and meetes with Suetsugu. They decide to board the _Dragon King_
to discover its secrets.

Aboard the _Dragon King_ they find Nishizato is still alive. He's nurturing
Yoriko, who has also clung to life. Nishizato met Saeko when she boarded earlier
and influenced her to carry out his revenge. Nishizato kills Suetsugu, but is in
turn killed by Tanuma. Yoriko clutches at Tanuma, preventing his escape. While
Yoriko holds him, Saeko appears and hurls acid at Tanuma, killing him. The acid
eats through the ship's hull and it begins to sink. With the last of the
mutineers killed, Saeko decides to drown with the ship as penance for her
crimes.
