---
title: Azumi
---

Japan's civil war has ended, and the forces of Tokugawa have triumphed over the
Toyotomi clan. A few powerful warlords remain, though, who desire to restore the
Toyotomi dynasty. Obata, an elderly samurai, does not wish to see another war
and resolves to stop these warlords. He adopts several orphans to train as
assassins. Azumi is the only girl among them, and she grows to become one of the
strongest.

The assassins' first target is Nagamasa, and he proves to be an easy kill.
Kiyomasa, another warlord, learns of the assassins and takes measures to deceive
them. They kill his double, allowing Kiyomasa to move to a more secure fortress
unnoticed. Kiyomasa also releases the sadistic samurai Bijomaru from prison to
hunt the assassins. Obata realizes their mistake and sends the assassins to
finish the job. When one of the assassins falls ill to poison, Azumi betrays her
compassion. Obata finds this unacceptable for an assassin and disowns her. Obata
loses another of his trainees to Bijomaru. Obata continues the mission with only
two underlings: Ukiha and Nagara. They storm the fortress, but Kiyomasa
overwhelms them. He captures Obata and slays Ukiha. Nagara disappears and is
also thought dead.

Azumi falls in with a drama troupe and attempts to live a normal life. A pair of
bandits attacks the troupe, and Azumi takes up the sword again to defend them.
She realizes she cannot be free from her mission and goes to rescue Obata. She
enters Kiyomasa's fortress and cuts through his soldiers. Azumi has a final duel
with Bijomaru, who she also slays. Although she finishes her mission and slays
Kiyomasa, she is too late to save Obata. Azumi reunites with Nagara, who has
survived the battle. Together they set out to assassinate their final target:
Masayuki Sanada.
