---
title: Juvenile
---

While at summer camp, a group of children stumble upon a small robot, which
calls itself Tetra. Yusuke, a robot fan, decides to keep it and takes it home.
Tetra requests Yusuke to collect spare parts, which he brings to her in his
closet. Tetra's needs lead Yusuke to Kanzaki, a repairman and amateur physicist.
Tetra fascinates Kanzaki, and he allows her to use his internet. Meanwhile
Yusuke develops a crush on his friend, Misaki. They discover another piece of
strange technology; a pod that can suck all the water out of a swimming pool.
One day, Tetra disappears without warning, and Yusuke is heartbroken.

A shapeshifting alien appears and confronted Kanzaki. Yusuke and his friends
help subdue the alien and save Kanzaki. Kanzaki deduces that the pod belongs to
the alien and realizes they've come to steal Earth's water. Their convoy arrives
over the ocean and prepares to extract the seawater. The alien kidnaps Misaki
and demands that the humans surrender Tetra. Tetra returns with an armored robot
for Yusuke to pilot. Yusuke uses the robot to attack the alien vessel and free
Misaki. The alien retrieves the pod and transmits it back to the convoy. Misaki
activated it beforehand, though, and the explosion of water cripples the convoy.
The aliens escape but fire a retaliatory shot at Yusuke on the ground. Tetra
shields Yusuke and suffers catastrophic damage. Tetra powers down and ejects a
memory disk in an unknown format. Yusuke resolves to study hard so he can repair
Tetra in the future.

Twenty years later, Yusuke is grown up and married to Misaki. The television
announces the invention of the memory disk used in Tetra. Yusuke realizes that
it was he, as an adult, who had created Tetra in the first place. At the same
time, Kanzaki's research has led to the creation of wormholes through time.
Yusuke repairs his old Tetra, and they watch while the new Tetra goes through a
wormhole to find them in the past.
