---
title: Alive
---
Drs. Kojima and Saegusa take custody of Tenshu and Gondo, both convicts on death row. The doctors are conducting an experiment with backing from the mysterious Tokutake. They’re locked in a secure cell for several days under worsening conditions. Tenshu retains his sanity, but Gondo grows more erratic. The doctors allow the convicts to see a woman, Yurika, in the neighboring cell. Yurika is Dr. Saegusa’s sister, and she’s infected with a parasite known as the Isomer. Gondo breaks into her cell to abuse her, and the Isomer kills him. Tenshu also enters Yurika’s cell and battles with the Isomer.

The Isomer forces Tenshu to relive his memories. Tenshu killed six men who had assaulted his girlfriend. She later killed herself out of shame, and the police held Tenshu responsible for her, too. The Isomer speaks through Yurika and taunts Tenshu into a murderous rage. The Isomer realizes that Tenshu is a stronger host than Yurika, and jumps into him instead. Dr. Kojima declares the experiment a success, but Tokutake overrules him. Tokutake sends a SWAT team to subdue Tenshu, but the Isomer overpowers them.

Dr. Saegusa enters the cell and reunites with Yurika. Tokutake also enters the cell, along with an Isomer infected homunculus. Tokutake forces the homunculus to fight Tenshu to determine which Isomer is stronger. After a brief fight, Tenshu wins against the homunculus. Tokutake executes the homunculus for failing, and is himself assassinated by Dr. Kojima. Kojima apologizes to Tenshu and kills himself. Tenshu realizes that he cannot allow the Isomer to leave the laboratory. He climbs up on the roof and basks in the sunlight one last time before taking his own life.