---
title: A Man Called Pirate
---
Kunioka is the president of an infamous oil trading company. He has fought against foreign and domestic challengers to bring oil to Japan. Kunioka lost many capable workers during World War II, although the company survived. His marriage to his wife, Yuki, also suffered. Yuki felt neglected at home and finally returned home to her family. An oil import ban was in effect after the surrender, so Kunioka’s company adapted to other fields.

Meanwhile, a group of Japanese oil companies, the PDCC, attempts to end the oil import ban. The Americans refuse while there is still oil in the Japanese naval reserves. The PDCC contracts the dirty work of emptying the reserve tanks to Kunioka’s company. The PDCC despises Kunioka and intends to have him barred from trading after they lift the ban. Kunioka’s hard work earns the respect of the Americans and they force the PDCC to back down. Kunioka later runs afoul of a foreign oil trading group known as the “majors.” He has already offended them while selling oil in Manchuria during the war. The majors take revenge on Kunioka by forcing his American partners to cut him off. Kunioka takes a gamble and sends his only tanker to receive oil from Iran. The tanker captain defies a British blockade and manages to bring the oil to Japan. The stunt gives Kunioka’s company enough clout to survive the majors’ challenge.

Kunioka lives a long life, well into his nineties. Shortly before his death, he receives word that Yuki has passed away. She never remarried. She left behind an album of newspaper clippings celebrating Kunioka’s achievements. Kunioka soon dies and reunites with Yuki and his fallen workers.