---
title: Invisible Man
---

A crowd gathers around a driver claiming to have hit an invisible obstacle. The
crowd watches in horror as a man materializes underneath the driver's car. The
man holds a note claiming that he was one of the "invisible soldiers" created by
the military during the war. He was unable to cope with his condition and has
committed suicide. When pressed, the government confirms that such a program
existed, but they do not know its scope. There is no record of how many
invisible men exist or their current whereabouts. Paranoia sweeps the nation.
Yajima, a gangster, capitalizes on the hysteria. He has his thugs dress as
"invisible men" when carrying out their heists.

Nanjo, a surviving invisible soldier, works as a _chidon'ya_ for Yajima's
nightclub. He is fond of a blind girl in his lodging, Mari. Mari's grandfather,
a dock worker, accepts a bribe from Yajima to make ends meet for Mari's sake.
Yajima's men raid the docks for valuables, and kill Mari's grandfather. Nanjo
swears vengeance on the gang. He teams with Komatsu, a reporter hounding the
invisible man phenomenon. Together they figure out how Yajima's operation works
and how to break it. Michiyo, one of Yajima's nightclub singers, is also leery
of Yajima's doings. Yajima tries to have her killed in a staged drug hand off,
but Nanjo rescues her. Yajima tracks down Nanjo and Michiyo, and captures them
both. He tortures Nanjo and strips him so he is completely invisible. His thugs
drop his invisible body into traffic, so that he will appear to be another
suicide.

Nanjo survives the assassination attempt and returns to Yajima's hideout. He
routs Yajima's gang and pursues Yajima. Komatsu alerts the police and they also
give chase, rouding up Yajima's gang as they go. Yajima flees to an industrial
park, where the fight continues atop an oil tank. They wrestle each other over
the railing and plummet to the ground. The fall kills Yajima immediately. Nanjo
lingers for a moment, materializing before succumbing to his injuries.
