---
title: Kamui Gaiden
---

Kamui, a peasant boy, joins the ranks of the _shinobi_ to survive. When he's
grown he questions the _shinobi_ code, and attempts to leave the order. He finds
himself now a nukenin, a hunted outcast. The _shinobi_ pursue him and attempt to
kill him for his disloyalty. After escaping another _shinobi_ attack, Kamui
meets Hanbei, a gruff fisherman. Hanbei has himself escaped from a nobleman
after killing his horse and cutting off its leg. They return to Hanbei's fishing
village, where Hanbei uses the horse's hoof to make his lures. Hanbei's wife,
Oshiki, recognizes Kamui. She is another nukenin, and is hiding from the
_shinobi_ in the fishing village. She is suspicious of Kamui, thinking he will
report her to the _shinobi_. Kamui tells her he is nukenin and she accepts him
into her family. Oshiki's daughter, Sayaka, becomes smitten with Kamui.

Hanbei considers a marriage between Kamui and Sayaka. Yoshito, Kamui's jealous
rival, betrays Hanbei to the nobleman whose horse he killed. The angry fishermen
execute Yoshito for his betrayal. Kamui and Oshiki rescue Hanbei and flee. They
come upon Saki Island, another fishing community. The Saki Islanders cannot
fish, though, because of vicious sharks infesting their waters. They hire the
_Watarishu_, a group of roving shark hunters, to exterminate them so they can
fish again. The _Watarishu_ reveal themselves to Kamui as more nukenin who look
out for each other's safety. Their captain, Fudo, takes a particular liking to
Kamui.

While out shark hunting, Kamui spots a _shinobi_ flare above the village. When
he returns he discovers the entire village dead from poison. Even Oshiki and her
family have died. Fudo appears and reveals that he has been with the _shinobi_
the whole time. He has already slain the other _Watarishu_ for being nukenin and
is now after Kamui. Kamui duels Fudo and cuts off both his arms, leaving him to
die in agony. Kamui buries Oshiki and her family and departs.
