---
title: Godzilla 2000
---

Shinoda works as a Godzilla tracker. Like a storm tracker, he uses state of the
art equipment to predict when and where the monster will appear in Japan. He
forms a reluctant alliance with Yuki, a reporter obliged to cover Godzilla to
please her boss. Shinoda's rival, Katagiri, is the head of the Crisis Control
Intelligence agency. Katagiri wants to advance in high society by defeating
Godzilla. Currently the CCI is investigating a UFO found on the bottom of the
ocean. The UFO crash landed on Earth in prehistoric times and has lay dormant
ever since. When the CCI disturbs it, it reactivates and flies towards Japan.
The UFO attacks Godzilla, and he retaliates with his atomic ray. The UFO crashes
into a nearby lake and Godzilla retreats.

Yuki discovers the UFO can access nearby computer networks. It uses her laptop
to do web searches for Godzilla. The UFO takes flight again and settles atop
City Tower in Tokyo. The UFO hacks into every computer in the city, consuming a
massive amount of information. A scan of the UFO reveals no physical form inside
of it. Shinoda believes the aliens that piloted the UFO no longer have a
corporeal form. They are searching for suitable genetic material with which to
construct a new body. They have fixated on Godzilla for this reason. Godzilla
arrives in Tokyo and attacks the UFO. The UFO pins Godzilla under a skyscraper
and extracts his DNA. The UFO attempts to construct a new body for itself using
Godzilla's DNA. The alien mutates and assumes a monstrous form, called Orga.

Godzilla emerges from the rubble and battles the UFO and Orga. The UFO is
completely destroyed. Orga attempts to swallow Godzilla whole and become a
perfect clone. Godzilla thwarts this attempt by emitting a burst of energy that
destroys Orga. Godzilla approaches the CCI command center and kills Katagiri.
Shinoda and Yuki look on as Godzilla continues his rampage across Tokyo.
