---
title: Onmyoji
---

In the Heian period, ghosts and supernatural creatures are commonplace.
Hauntings and curses are prevalent in the capital city. The _mikado_ employs
skilled exorcists called _onmyoji_ to keep the spirits at bay. Doson, the head
of the _onmyoji_, predicts the prophesied guardian of the city will appear. Left
Minister Morosuke assumes this is his unborn grandson. This enrages Right
Minister Motokata, who desired his own grandson to become _mikado_. He berates
his daughter Sukehime for falling out of favor with the _mikado_. Sukehime
becomes depressed and sits alone in her palanquin. Hiromasa, a nobleman, spots
her palanquin and plays his flute for the occupant, calming her. Hiromasa
becomes enamored with Sukehime, but does not know her identity. Hiromasa also
becomes acquainted with Seimei, an eccentric _onmyoji_. Rumors say Seimei is the
most powerful of the _onmyoji_, even more powerful than Doson.

Doson plays off of Mototaka's jealousy for his own purposes. When Morosuke's
grandson is born, Doson places a curse on it at Mototaka's request. Seimei
investigates and recruits the services of the lady Aone. Seimei transfers the
curse from the child to Aone, and then extracts the cursed entity from her. Aone
is not able to determine the source of the curse. Mototaka panics and arrests
Seimei. He accuses Seimei of cursing the child, and tries to frame him. Morosuke
outmaneuvers him and forces him to release Seimei. Doson senses that Aone is a
threat to his plans, and hypnotizes a royal guard to strike her down. Seimei and
Hiromasa retreat with Aone's body to the shrine of Sawara. Aone revives and
Seimei explains to Hiromasa that she cannot age or die. Aone participated in a
ritual to seal away the vengeful spirit of Sawara at the shrine. She at the
flesh of a merman to become immortal so that she could stand guard over the
shrine. For one hundred and fifty years she has waited for the fated
resurrection of Sawara.

A woman demon appears and torments the _mikado_ and the newborn prince. Seimei
and Hiromasa lie in wait for it and discover it is Sukehime. Sukehime let her
jealousy and depression overcome her and become a living demon. Seimei protects
the _mikado_ while Hiromasa attempts to placate Sukehime. Seimei lifts a curse
from Sukehime and she regains her sanity. Ashamed of what she's done, she
commits suicide. Hiromasa mourns and comforts her with his flute. Seimei fires
the curse back at its source, and destroys Doson's secret lair. Doson desecrates
Sawara's shrine and releases his vengeful spirit. Doson lets Sawara indwell him
and wreaks havoc on the capital. Hiromasa tries to put him down, but Doson slays
him. Aone gives her life up for Seimei to bring back Hiromasa. When Hiromasa
confronts Doson again, the spirit of Aone coaxes the spirit of Sawara out of
Doson. Aone reveals that she was Sawara's beloved a hundred fifty years ago and
has waited to reunite with him. Sawara abandons his vengeance and they go to the
afterlife together. Doson and Seimei duel and Seimei traps Doson in a holy seal.
Doson admits defeat and and commits suicide.
