---
title: 'Ebirah, Horror of the Deep'
---

Ryota sets out to sea to find his missing brother. He shanghais a yacht with his
friends. They get caught up in a storm, and a sea monster appears and destroys
the yacht. Ryota and his friends wash ashore on a remote island. They discover a
military installation on the island run by a terrorists. The terrorists, called
the Red Bamboo, enslave natives from a nearby island to work in their base. One
of the islanders, Daiyo, escapes and meets up with the castaways. She tells them
that she and her people come from Infant Island, the home of Mothra. The natives
have been praying to Mothra, but she is asleep and hasn't heard them. The Red
Bamboo force the islanders to manufacture a yellow liquid from the local fauna.
The liquid repels the sea monster, Ebirah, so that they can travel to and from
the island. Everyone else falls prey to Ebirah. Ryota discovers that on top of
everything else, Godzilla is asleep in a cave on the island.

The castaways and Daiyo sneak into the Red Bamboo's compound. They discover the
terrorists are preparing to make nuclear weapons. The terrorists discover them
and a chase ensues. Ryota escapes by stealing a weather balloon and floating
away. Ryota's friend Nita gets caught and imprisoned with the other natives. The
other castaways - Yoshimura and Ichino - hatch a plan with Daiyo to awaken
Godzilla with lightning. Ryota floats all the way to Infant Island where he
reunites with his brother, Yata. Mothra still sleeps but the Shobijin, her twin
fairy priestesses, say she will soon wake. The brothers return to the
terrorists' island to prepare for Mothra's arrival.

The plan to awaken Godzilla succeeds, and the monster rises from its cave.
Godzilla fights Ebirah and forces it to retreat. The Red Bamboo bombards
Godzilla with their fighter jets, but to no avail. Godzilla marches on their
base and destroys it. The terrorists set their base to self destruct and abandon
the island. Nita conspires with the natives to replace the yellow liquid with an
inert formula. When the Red Bamboo flees the island, they are unable to keep
Ebirah away. Ebirah attacks and sinks their ship. Godzilla and Ebirah have a
rematch. Ryota and Yata arrive and the castaways free Nita and the natives. They
start building a net so Mothra can carry them back to Infant Island. Mothra
awakens and flies to rescue them. Godzilla finally defeats Ebirah and flees the
island. Mothra flies everyone to safety before a nuclear explosion destroys the
island.
