---
title: One Missed Call
---

A series of gruesome accidents is plaguing the young people in Tokyo. Yumi, a
college student, has several friends who receive phone calls from themselves.
The voicemail, timestamped in the future, is the sound of their voice, and then
a piercing scream. The phone always rings with a dreaded, sing song lullaby
tone. When the time of the call comes to pass, a violent, unseen force kills
them. Natsumi is the latest of Yumi's friends to receive the call. She agrees to
have an exorcism performed on live television. The exorcism is a disaster, as a
specter invades the studio and decapitates Natsumi. Immediately afterwards, Yumi
herself receives the call, and has a day and a half to live.

Yumi meets Yamashita, a rogue detective following the murders. Yamashita's
sister, Ritsuko, was one of the victims. Ritsuko was a social worker who cared
for two children, Mimiko and Nanako. Nanako suffered abuse from their mother,
Marie, and is currently with child services. Mimiko died from an asthma attack,
and Marie disappeared after a brief hospital stay. The hospital itself suffered
a fire, and still stands on its cordoned off lot. Yamashita suspects that the
evil spirit of Marie is behind the phone calls. Yamashita and Yumi visit Nanako
and hear the same eerie tone playing from one of her toys. The coincidence
confirms Yamashita's suspicions.

An anxious Yumi ventures to the abandoned hospital alone. An unseen spirit
torments her until Yamashita arrives. The spirit corners them in an examination
room, where they discover Marie's corpse. Marie clutches a cell phone that dials
Yumi's number. Yamashita recovers the phone, which prevents Yumi from dying at
the appointed time. Yumi heads home, relieved. Yamashita finds home video from
Marie's apartment and reviews it. He discovers that Mimiko was Nanako's abuser,
not Marie. Marie caught her in the act, and triggered the asthma attack that
killed her. Marie took Nanako to the hospital, leaving Mimiko to die. Yamashita
realizes that Mimiko is the murderous spirit, and that Yumi is still in danger.
He rushes to her apartment, and when he enters, Yumi stabs him. He collapses
next to a mirror, and sees Mimiko's reflection instead of Yumi's. Yumi,
possessed by Mimiko, takes Yamashita back to the hospital.
