---
title: Genocide
---

An American bomber crashes near a remote Japanese island. Gordon, the ranking
officer from the nearest air base, investigates the crash site. He finds the
crew dead except for Charlie, who is delirious. Gordon accuses Joji, a local, of
killing the pilots and salvaging their equipment. Joji is innocent, but has a
reputation as a thief and womanizer. His wife, Yukari, suspects him of having an
affair with Annabelle, a Westerner living on the island. Gordon has him detained
for questioning. Dr. Nagumo, an entomologist, had employed Joji to collect
samples. He learns of Joji's plight and pleads with Gordon on his behalf. Nagumo
determines that the pilots died from extreme trauma from venomous insect bites.
He also believes that Gordon is scapegoating Joji to distract from a larger
problem. The bomber had been carrying a nuclear warhead, and the warhead is now
missing.

Joji was also sending insect samples to Annabelle, a Westerner living on the
island. She uses the insect venom to create biological weapons for the Eastern
Bloc. Annabelle's agents kidnap Charlie and interrogate him about the missing
warhead. Annabelle tests the insect venom on Charlie and releases him. Charlie
goes mad and attacks the locals, forcing Gordon to shoot him. Before he dies,
Nagumo hears Charlie muttering "genocide." Nagumo has himself injected with a
small dose of the insect venom. He has a psychedelic vision in which he hears
the thoughts of the insects. They fear mankind and nuclear holocaust, and will
commit genocide to protect themselves.

Annabelle kidnaps Nagumo to keep him from reporting her experiments. Her own
insects break free and kill her and her agents. Gordon rescues Nagumo, but Joji
dies protecting Yukari from the insects. Yukari senses danger and flees the
island. Gordon escorts Nagumo to his plane and departs. He reveals that the nuke
has remote detonator, which he will activate so that it does not fall into the
wrong hands. It will also destroy the island, and he hopes it will eradicate the
genocidal insects. Over the objects of Nagumo and his crew, Gordon activates the
bomb. Immediately a cloud of angry insects swarms the plane and causes it to
crash.
