---
title: Princess Mononoke
---

Ashitaka, a young prince, defends his village from a raging demon. The demon
turns out to be the dying boar god Nago, who places a curse on Ashitaka. The
villagers recover a mutilated iron ball from Nago's corpse. Ashitaka leaves his
village in search of its origin. His search takes him to the ironworks run by
Lady Eboshi. She has been producing iron in vast quantities for military use.
She has also decimated the surrounding forest to fuel her forges as a result. In
retaliation, the gods of the forest attack her caravans. She bears a grudge in
particular against the wolf god Moro. Moro travels in a pack with her twin cubs
and a human girl, who Eboshi calls "Princess Mononoke." Eboshi seeks to destroy
the Deer God, a mysterious being that sustains the forest. If she can kill the
Deer God, she can break the morale of the forest spirits and keep her ironworks.
Ashitaka realizes that Eboshi had also fought against Nago and shot him with one
of her iron bullets. Nago's anger festered and turned him into the demon that
attacked his village and cursed him.

Princess Mononoke raids the ironworks and attempts to assassinate Eboshi.
Ashitaka apprehends her and takes her away from the ironworks. One of Eboshi's
foot soldiers shoots him, and he collapses in the forest from his injury. The
girl, named San, brings him to the lake of the Deer God. The Deer God heals
Ashitaka, and San nurtures him back to full health. Meanwhile, Okkoto, another
boar god from the south, has come to take vengeance on Nago. His boars array in
battle against Eboshi's ironworks. Eboshi lays a trap that slays most of
Okkoto's boar army. Okkoto limps through the forest in search of the Deer God.
Eboshi's soldiers approach Okkoto and poison him, turning him into another
demon. Okkoto ensnares San in his tusks and charges for the Deer God's lake.

Ashitaka and Moro rescue San from Okkoto. The Deer God appears and kills Okkoto
instead of healing him. Eboshi fires her weapon and decapitates the Deer God. A
black ooze erupted from its body that smothers the forest and kills anything it
touches. Ashitaka and San try to recover the head while the ooze destroys the
ironworks. Moro, herself at death's door, uses the last of her strength to bite
off Eboshi's arm. Ashitaka and San find the head and offer it back to the Deer
God. The Deer God accepts the offering. As the sun rises, the Deer God
collapses, and its essence revives the forest. Eboshi repents of her misdeeds
against the forest. San and Ashitaka part ways, her to the forest and he to help
rebuild the ironworks.
