---
title: 'Ghidorah: The Three-Headed Monster'
---

Princess Selina of Salno plans a state visit to Japan. Detective Shindo of the
Japanese police will be her bodyguard during the visit. The Salno opposition
party sabotages Selina's plane and it explodes over the ocean. Later a homeless
woman appears in Japan prophesying the return of monsters. Her predictions come
true when Rodan and Godzilla return and fight on the mainland. Shindo realizes
that the prophetess is actually Selina. She survived the plane crash but lost
her memory. The Salno opposition recognizes her, too, and sends assassins to
track her down.

Shindo takes Selina into protective custody and has her treated at a brain
institute. They learn that she is under some form of hypnosis and believes she
is from Venus. A space monster named King Ghidorah destroyed Venusian
civilization thousands of years ago. The Venusians continue to exist in space
without physical bodies. One of them possessed Selina moments before the plane
crash and rescued her. Selina warns them that Ghidorah has already arrived on
Earth, encased in a meteorite. The meteorite, in Kobe Gorge, cracks open and
releases Ghidorah. The Japanese appeal to Mothra for help. Although Mothra is
still an infant, she answers the call.

Mothra meets Godzilla and Rodan and convinces them to fight King Ghidorah. The
assassins attack Shindo and Selina. They flee and fall onto a cliff ledge, where
Selina's memory returns. The monsters' fight causes a landslide that kills the
assassins. The combined might of Godzilla, Rodan and Mothra is enough to drive
Ghidorah away from Earth. Selina bids farewell to Shindo and returns to her
country to confront the opposition.
