---
title: Library Wars
---

Activist groups blame certain forms of media for degrading society. They push
for the passage of the Media Betterment Act (MBA). The new law gives government
broad authority to censor and confiscate media. Betterment Squads form to search
out and confiscate materials on a larger scale. In response, the Rights of
Libraries also becomes law. Libraries have the ability to defend their materials
against attempted confiscation. The war between libraries and the Betterment
Squads often results in armed conflict. Kasahara is a young woman whose book was
once rescued by a Library Defense officer. She enlists with the Library Defense,
hoping to learn the identity of the officer who saved her book.

Kasahara faces a brutal training regiment under the strict instructor Dojo. He
teaches her the skills necessary to combat the Betterment Squads. The Betterment
Squad comes to confiscate materials for a freedom of speech exhibit. The Library
Defense goes into action, and fends them off. She discovers first hand the
impossible conditions the Library Defense operates under. Under the terms of the
law, they can only use weapons on library property, and they can only defend,
never attack. The law does stipulate, though, that Betterment Squads can only
use force for an hour at most. After that they must withdraw and seek reapproval
to use force.

A wealthy patron of the arts passes away and leaves the contents of his museum
to the library. It's rumored these materials contain evidence that undermines
the legality of the MBA. The Betterment Squads and Library Defense prepare for
all-out war for the materials. Nishina, founder of the Library Defense, attend's
the patron's funeral. Dojo reassigns Kasahara as Nishina's bodyguard. Censorship
activists disrupt the funeral and kidnap Kasahara and Nishina. They force the
Library Defense to abandon the museum in exchange for their safety. Dojo locates
Kasahara and Dojo and rescues them, subduing the activists. The library starts
examining the few materials they did recover for the evidence to undo the MBA.
Kasahara realizes that it was a young Dojo who rescued her book and inspired her
to join Library Defense.
