---
title: 'Friends: Naki on Monster Island'
---

Takeichi and Kotake are brothers who live on an island village. They break taboo
and visit the nearby ogre island to search for mushrooms. The ogres appear and
chase them. Takeichi escapes in the boat but forgets Kotake. The ogres hold a
meeting and decide to keep Kotake. If humans ever decide to make war on them
again, Kotake will be a valuable bargaining chip. They charge the grumpy ogre
Naki with caring for Kotake. Naki has despised humans for hundreds of years,
ever since their last war when he lost his family. Naki, with help from his
friend Gunjo, learns how to take proper care of Kotake. He becomes less grumpy
and more fond of Kotake. Kotake becomes sick and Naki realizes that he must send
him back to his village. Against the wishes of the other ogres, Naki sneaks into
the human village and sends Kotake home. The villagers still fear the ogres,
even after Kotake's safe return. They fortify their village and hire mercenaries
to protect them.

Naki tries to visit Kotake at the village, and the mercenaries attack him. Gunjo
appears and rescues him, and they hide in a nearby cave. Gunjo decides to take
revenge on the humans and uses a mushroom to become bigger and fiercer. Gunjo
corners the villagers and threatens to kill them when Naki intervenes. Naki
beats off Gunjo and wins the hearts of the villagers. He stays with Kotake's
family while he recovers from his wounds.

Naki returns to the ogre island to settle things with Gunjo, but Gunjo is gone.
Gunjo staged the confrontation with the villagers so that they would accept
Naki. Gunjo remains friends with Naki but must leave so the villagers won't
discover his ruse. He's left the island for good, confident that Naki will heal
the rift between ogres and humans.
