---
title: Crossfire
---

Aoki has pyrokinetic powers; she can start fires with her mind. To protect
herself and others, she lives alone and is not sociable. Things change for her
when she meets Tada, a handsome man at her office. Tada invites Aoki to a party,
where she meets Tada's younger sister, Yukie. After the party, a gang of youths
kidnaps and murders Yukie. Aoki decides to reveal her powers to Tada, and offers
to help him take revenge for Yukie.

They identify one of the gang members at a park. Aoki starts to light him on
fire, but Tada panics and stops her. Tada is not willing to let either of them
become murderer's for Yukie's sake. Aoki attracts the attention of Yasuaki,
another gifted person who can read minds. He claims to be investigating the
murders, too, and offers to help her. With Yasuaki's info, Aoki is able to
assassinate most of the gang responsible for Yukie's death. She realizes that
the gang is part of a greater scandal that she has entangled herself in. She
meets another pyrokinetic girl, Kaori, who becomes involved in Aoki's vendetta.
Aoki tries to protect Kaori from the unfolding events and realizes she was wrong
to take revenge.

The gangs are receiving orders from a corrupt police official, Hasegawa.
Hasegawa is rolling up his operation and hired Yasuaki to get rid of the gangs.
Yasuaki, in turn, used Aoki to his dirty work. Yasuaki kidnaps Kaori and uses
her to lure Aoki to a theme park. Yasuaki takes control of Kaori's mind and uses
her powers to duel with Aoki. A large explosion ensues which appears to kill
Aoki. Hasegawa appears on the scene and immediately kills Yasuaki to cover his
tracks. Aoki emerges from the flames unscathed and Hasegawa becomes desperate.
Tada arrives and tries to protect Aoki, but Hasegawa shoots her, and she
disappears in a cloud of flame. Later, Hasegawa gives a press briefing about the
murders and attempts to pin them all on Aoki. As Tada and Kaori look on,
Hasegawa bursts into flames and perishes. Tada senses that Aoki may still be
alive...
