---
title: The Hidden Fortress
---

The warmongering Yamana clan invades Akizuki to plunder its wealth. Two
peasants, Taichi and Matashichi, are captives slaving away for the Yamana. They
manage to escape and flee to the mountains. There they discover a stash of gold
concealed in wooden logs. They meet Rokurota, a fearsome samurai, who also has
his eye on the gold. Rokurota claims the gold is part of Akizuki's reserve
fortune. Rokurota seeks a way to make off with the gold. Yamana patrols the
border with the neighboring country of Hayakawa, cutting off escape. The
peasants suggest sneaking through Yamana itself, right under the enemy's nose.
The plan pleases Rokurota, and he enlists them to help transport the gold.
Unbeknownst to them, Rokurota is actually the legendary general Rokurota of
Akizuki. He is safeguarding Princess Yuki, the last surviving Akizuki royal. The
princess and the gold are vital to rebuilding the clan after its destruction by
Yamana. To do that, he must escort them to Hayakawa.

Yuki, disguised and posing as a mute, joins Rokurota and the two peasants on
their journey. They enter Yamana, but the Yamana soon learn of their incursion.
They skirmish with the enemy, and Rokurota encounters Tadokoro, a Yamana
general. Rokurota and Tadokoro are old friends and agree to a duel. Rokurota
defeats Tadokoro, but refuses to slay him and escapes instead. The party
camouflages itself by partaking in the Yamana peasants' fire festival. To avoid
suspicion, Rokurota allows them to push their wood cart into the fire. Early the
next morning, they return to the site of the festival to retrieve the gold from
the embers. The Yamana army though is in close pursuit.

The next night, the Yamana army surrounds Rokurota's party. Taichi and
Matashichi manage to escape but the soldiers capture Rokurota and Yuki. Tadokoro
returns to identify the captives. He bears a grudge against Rokurota for making
him live with the shame of losing their duel. Yuki remains composed and
dignified in captivity. She sings the peasants' song she learned at the
festival. In the morning, Tadokoro has a change of heart and helps them escape.
Tadokoro abandons Yamana and escapes with them to Hayakawa. The horses carrying
the gold go free, too. Taichi and Matashichi recover the horses, but then
Hayakawa soldiers apprehend them. Yuki has them brought to her and reveals
herself as the princess. She offers them a small reward for their troubles,
which they agree to share.
