---
title: Conflagration
---

Pirates hijack the oil tanker _Arabian Light_ and steer it into Tokyo Bay. They
plant time bombs in the hull and hold it ransom. They demand that Japan demolish
its oil reserves at Kiyama on live television. Otherwise they will destroy the
_Arabian Light_ and cause a massive explosion. Other refineries in the bay would
also explode, smothering Tokyo in toxic fumes. The government faces a dilemma.
If they refuse the pirates' demands they will invite a disaster. If they destroy
Kiyama, the resulting oil spill would cause greater ecological harm. The
government stalls for time to come up with a plan.

Simba, the lead pirate, pontificates to the _Arabian Light_'s captain, Munakata.
Simba's men are from an African country that the West colonized and stripped of
resources. When they won their independence, they had no means of developing
into a first world country. The _Arabian Light_ ransom is the first step in
their plan to equalize the world economy. Munakata, while sympathetic, abhors
Simba's methods. He vows to stop him for the sake of his men and his country.

A TV crew stages a fake news flash, with a miniature set to mimic the Kiyama
plant. The event airs live in an attempt to fool the terrorists. A freak rain
storm ruins one of the composite shots, and the terrorists see through the ruse.
The crew takes advantage of the confusion to retaliate against the pirates.
Munakata sacrifices himself fighting, and the sailors take back the ship.
Tachijiro, one of the sailors, finds Simba's map of the time bombs. The crew
races to locate and remove them before time expires. Tachijiro descends into the
oil tank to get the last bomb minutes before detonation. The _Arabian Light_
pulls into harbor and the crew disembarks to recuperate.
