---
title: Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah
---

Terasawa, a sci-fi author, interviews a veteran who served in the Pacific. The
veteran recounts seeing a dinosaur while stationed on Lago Island. Shindo,
another veteran from the same platoon, is now a wealthy businessman. Terasawa
visits him, too, and procures photographs of the dinosaur. Terasawa theorizes
that the dinosaur remained on the island after the war. American nuclear tests
caused the dinosaur to turn into the monster Godzilla. Meanwhile, a UFO lands at
Mount Fuji. Its crew meets with the Prime Minister, and they reveal themselves
to be humans from the future. They warn that Godzilla will return to destroy
Japan, but they can use their time machine to prevent that. They produce a copy
of Terasawa's book, published in the future, on the origin of Godzilla. With the
book as their guide, they can travel back to 1944 and stop the creation of
Godzilla. They ask Terasawa to join them. When they arrive on Lagos, Terasawa
witnesses the dinosaur fighting the American Navy. He also witnesses a young
Shindo parting with the dinosaur at the end of the war. The time travelers
transport the dinosaur to the Bering Sea so it won't mutate. Unbeknownst to
Terasawa, the time travelers leave several, smaller creatures behind on Lagos.
The nuclear tests irradiate the creatures, which merge into the three-headed
King Ghidorah. When Terasawa returns to the present, Godzilla is gone and
replaced by King Ghidorah.

Emmy, one of the time travelers, defects and finds Terasawa. She reveals that
the time travelers control King Ghidorah with their onboard computer. Japan is
not destroyed in the future, but becomes an overwhelming economic power. The
time travelers came to create King Ghidorah and destroy Japan so it does not
become dominant. Shindo encourages the Japanese government to locate the
dinosaur in the Bering Sea. If they irradiate it, it may still mutate into
Godzilla. When they send a nuclear submarine into the Bering Sea, a newer,
larger Godzilla destroys it. Terasawa discovers that a nuclear accident has
already occurred in the Bering Sea. Godzilla has already been reborn. Godzilla
comes to Japan and fights King Ghidorah. Terasawa and Emmy sabotage the time
travelers' computer and discombobulate Ghidorah. Emmy teleports the time
travelers' ship into Godzilla's path, who destroys it. Godzilla defeats King
Ghidorah and marches on Japan unopposed. Terasawa and Emmy realize that the time
travelers' fabrication is now a real risk.

Emmy travels back to her own time in the 23rd century. She locates King
Ghidorah, preserved on the ocean floor. Using state of the art technology, she
revives Ghidorah as a cyborg. Mecha-King Ghidorah returns to fight Godzilla in
the heart of Tokyo. Mecha-King Ghidorah overpowers Godzilla and carries him out
to sea. Both monsters crash into the ocean. Emmy ejects from Mecha-King Ghidorah
and returns to the future. Before leaving, she confesses to Terasawa that she is
his descendent.
