---
title: Latitude Zero
---

Tashiro and Masson are two oceanographers, accompanied by Lawton, a press
photographer. Their bathysphere becomes separated from the research vessel
during an undersea eruption. They tumble to the ocean floor, where a mysterious
submarine rescues them. The sub, called the _Alpha_, belongs to McKenzie, who
takes them to his home base. On the way, they elude another submarine, the Black
Shark, which tries to destroy them. McKenzie's home is the undersea utopia
called Latitude Zero. McKenzie explains that Latitude Zero is a refuge for
scientists to escape from the world. They commune and conduct their research
free from government interference. When the time is right, they seed their
important discoveries back to the surface. McKenzie contends with Malic, the mad
scientist who created the _Black Shark_. Malic wants to take the knowledge of
Latitude Zero and use it to conquer the world.

Malic kidnaps Dr. Okada, a scientist en route to Latitude Zero. Okada has
invented a serum which provides immunity from the effects of radiation. At the
same time, Malic imprisons his submarine captain, Kroiga, for her failure to
sink the _Alpha_. Malic forces Okada to watch him vivisect Kroiga and transplant
her brain into a chimera. He will then do the same to Okada and extract the
formula for the serum straight from his brain. McKenzie learns of Okada's
predicament and puts together a rescue mission. Tashiro, Masson and Lawton
volunteer to join him. They suit up in McKenzie's futuristic gear and embark for
Malic's hideaway. They fend off Malic's other animal creations and rescue Okada.
Another battle between the _Alpha_ and the _Black Shark_ ensues. The
beast-Kroiga rebels against Malic and destroys the _Black Shark_, killing them
both.

Tashiro and Masson decide to remain at Latitude Zero, but Lawton decides to
return to the surface. He is unable to convince any of the Coast Guard of his
story.. He finds his camera's film blank and his souvenirs from Latitude Zero
gone. Waiting for him back home, though, is a large deposit of diamonds in his
bank account. A token of goodwill from McKenzie.
