---
title: Legend of the Eight Samurai
---

A hundred years ago, the Satomi clan defeated the evil Hikita clan, led by
Tamazusa and her son Gonnokami. Tamazusa had put a curse on Satomi, causing her
and Gonnokami to reincarnate in the present. They lead the revived Hikita
against Satomi to take revenge. Hikita destroys Satomi until only Princess Shizu
remains. Tamazusa wants Shizu as a sacrifice to complete the curse and achieve
ultimate power. Shizu escapes in disguise. A thief, Shinbei, accosts her, but
two warriors, Dosetsu and Daikaku, rescue her. The two warriors claim to be two
of the reincarnated samurai sworn to serve the Satomi princess. They must find
the other six samurai, so that all eight of them can defeat Tamazusa's curse.
Shinbei overhears them and learns Shizu's true identity. He follows them,
waiting for the first opportunity to kidnap Shizu and turn her over for a
reward.

Shinbei manages to abduct Shizu and whisks her back to his village until he can
claim the reward. He discovers that the Hikita has already destroyed his
village, and he repents. The few surviving villagers recognize Shizu and try to
take her to Tamazusa. Shinbei rescues her from them and brings her back to
Dosetsu. Dosetsu has found four more samurai, bringing their number up to six.
Shinbei offers to join them, but Dosetsu doesn't trust him and sends him away.
The Hikita kidnap Shinbei instead and bring him to Tamazusa. She reveals that
Shinbei is the reincarnation of her second son, Gonnokami's brother. He tries to
resist them but Tamazusa overwhelms him with her dark magic. Genpachi, a Hikita
soldier, has an epiphany and realizes he is one of the eight samurai. Genpachi
rescues Shinbei and brings him to Shizu's party. Shinbei awakens and tries to
kill Shizu. The magic spell breaks and Shinbei regains his sanity. A sign
appears and reveals that, whatever else he is, Shinbei is also the eighth and
final samurai.

Tamazusa discovers the samurai's hiding place and captures Shizu. The eight
samurai head for Tamazusa's castle to rescue her and break the curse. One by one
the samurai sacrifice themselves to breach the castle's defense. Finally Shinbei
reaches the inner sanctum. Shinbei duels with Gonnokami and slays him. Together,
he and Shizu impale Tamazusa to the idol at the center of the castle, breaking
the curse. They escape and Shinbei delivers Shizu to her uncle's estate. Her
uncle has prepared a husband for her to rebuild the Satomi line. She refuses and
chases after Shinbei instead. The fallen samurai give them their blessing from
the beyond, and they ride off together.
