---
title: 'Patlabor 2: The Movie'
---

A rogue fighter jet bombs a bridge in Japan, throwing the government into chaos.
The jet belonged to the JASDF, although the agency denies any involvement.
Arakawa, a government agent, approaches Goto and Nagumo of Special Vehicles
section. He reveals that the jet was actually an American jet, carrying out a
routine mission. Someone jammed it and sent it bogus navigation and
instructions, causing it to blow up the bridge. Another incident occurs when
JASDF fighters pursue phantom bogeys and almost down themselves. Goto suspects
someone is testing them and trying to subvert trust in the military. Arakawa
alleges that a terrorist cell embedded in the JASDF, led by Tsuge, is behind the
events. Tsuge participated in UN peacekeeping missions years ago. His command
abandoned him during a failed mission in Thailand. Now he's back to take revenge
on his homeland. Nagumo, who had a previous relationship with Tsuge, resolves to
arrest him herself.

Goto and Nagumo try to convince their superiors of the danger. Their superiors
believe Nagumo's relationship with Tsuge comprises her judgement. They treat
Goto and Nagumo as insubordinate and relieve them of duty. The coup starts and
JASDF fighter choppers attack Tokyo's critical infrastructure. Strong jamming
signals prevent the government from coordinating a response. Goto and Nagumo
escape from custody in the confusion and assemble the SV2 team. They realize
Tsuge's ultimate goal is to compromise the Japanese government. Tsuge wants to
tempt the US to intervene and restructure the government he sees as corrupt.

Goto and Nagumo track down Tsuge's hiding place and make their plans. Goto
arrests Arakawa being a double agent. Arakawa hoped SV2's reaction would inflame
tensions further and play into Tsuge's hand. Nagumo leads a strike force into
Tsuge's hideout and takes out the labor defense units. Nagumo breaks through to
Tsuge himself and takes him into custody.
