---
title: Evil of Dracula
---

Shiraki moves to the country to teach at a private girls' school. The recently
widowed principal states his intention for Shiraki to inherit his position.
During the night, Shiraki has visions of a bleeding girl fleeing a vampire. He
later learns that a missing girl has turned up in the local hospital. When he
visits her, he recognizes her as the girl from his vision. Shiraki also learns
of the disturbing vampire lore shared among the locals. He suspects that he was
not dreaming and something evil is lurking at the school.

The stories say that long ago, a criminal fled into the desert and became a
vampire. He attacked a village girl and carried her away, and she also became a
vampire. The villagers captured them and sealed them in their coffins. Now they
are free and walk among the living. Shiraki suspects that the vampire and his
wife have been hiding at the school. Over the years they've abducted victims and
stolen their faces and identities. This way no one suspects them of being
immortal vampires. He thinks the principal himself is the vampire, and his
deceased wife is still "alive." She is biding her time until she finds a
suitable victim with which to switch faces. Shiraki realizes that he is also a
target, and the vampire wants to steal his face next.

The vampire strikes and abducts a female student for his wife, who kills her and
takes on her likeness. The vampire's wife abducts Kumi, another student, to lure
Shiraki to their mansion. He rescues Kumi and fights with the vampire, using a
fireplace poker to impale him. Both vampires are both vanquished and wither away
to nothing.
