---
title: Gantz
---

Kurono and Kato are former schoolmates who meet by chance on a subway platform.
Kato leaps onto the tracks to rescue a drunk, and he and Kurono are both killed
by the oncoming train. They awaken in a sparse apartment with a large black orb.
The other inhabitants of the apartment have all awakened from a death-like
experience. The orb, known as "Gantz," provides them with weapons and armor and
tells them to hunt aliens. Gantz gives them a description of the specific alien
they are to hunt down and kill. Nishi, a sly teenager, convinces the others that
they are in a virtual reality game show. The one who kills the alien will
receive a prize. They manage to corner and kill the target alien, but a larger
alien appears and attacks. The alien slaughters several of them before Nishi
arrives and kills it, too. Gantz warps the survivors back to the apartment and
heals their injuries. Kurono demands an explanation from Nishi. Before Nishi can
speak, Gantz transports everyone back to their own homes.

Kurono wanders around in a stupor, unsure of the Gantz experience was real or
not. He stumbles upon the damaged area of town where they fought the aliens. He
meets Kishimoto, one of the survivors from the previous night. She produces her
Gantz armor as proof that it was real. Gantz took her after she attempted
suicide, but after meeting Kato she wants to live again. Kato has nightmares
about Gantz and worries for his younger brother, Ayumu. Gantz summons them again
the next night for another mission. Nishi reveals he is a veteran Gantz player
and is trying to earn 100 points to win his freedom. The next mission proves
fatal for Nishi, and before dying he begs Kurono to score 100 points to bring
him back. After the game, Kurono views Gantz's 100 point menu and confirms the
two available options. A player can either be set free from the games, or choose
to resurrect a fallen comrade. Kurono decides to play for all the points he can,
and becomes more aggressive.

Kurono is cocky for the third mission, and fails to keep several new team
members from dying. Kato, Kishimoto and Kurono face off against an alien
disguised as a Buddha. The Buddha alien declares war on Gantz for targeting his
fellow aliens. The Buddha alien kills both Kishimoto and Kato before Kurono
finally neutralizes it. Kato's death throws Kurono into a depression. He returns
to the subway platform to commit suicide, but his classmate Tae rescues him at
the last minute. Kurono realizes that Tae loves him, and he changes his approach
to the Gantz games. Kurono instructs Tae to take care of Ayumu while he
continues to earn points to bring back Kato.
