---
title: Goemon
---

After the death of Nobunaga, his vassal Toyotomi assumes rulership of Japan. In
the capital city, the master thief Goemon steals an ornate box from a rich
household. Mitsunari, Toyotomi's vassal, is also pursuing the box, and sends his
_shinobi_ Saizo to take it. Goemon and Saizo duel, but Goemon escapes with the
box. Goemon inspects it and finds a map. The map leads to a hidden scroll, the
signed pact between Toyotomi and Akechi. Akechi was the vassal who assassinated
Nobunaga. Toyotomi killed Akechi to avenge his lord, but the pact reveals that
he was the real traitor. Mitsunari seeks the pact to discredit Toyotomi and
usurp him. Goemon raids Toyotomi's castle and attempts to assassinate Toyotomi.
The attempt fails, but Goemon discovers that Princess Chacha is living in the
castle. Toyotomi's guards throw Goemon from the ramparts, but Saizo appears and
rescues him. Goemon and Saizo are both war orphans, adopted and raised by
Nobunaga to become _shinobi_. Goemon wants to take revenge on Toyotomi, but Saizo
warns him that doing so will cause another war.

Mitsunari, having failed to steal the pact, plans to remove Toyotomi with all
speed. He orders Saizo to assassinate Toyotomi. Tokugawa, a cunning warlord,
tries to entice Goemon to do the same. Princess Chacha also learns of the
traitorous pact. Chacha was Nobunaga's ward and a childhood friend of Goemon.
Toyotomi goes war crazy and plots to invade China and Korea with his fleet.
Chacha fears another war, and agrees to become Toyotomi's concubine so she can
stay close to him. She also waits for an opportunity to assassinate him to stop
the war. All three assassins converge on Toyotomi's flagship. Saizo and his
fellow _shinobi_ wreak havoc among the warlords and the foot soldiers. Goemon
balks and pulls Chacha to safety. Saizo fails to assassinate Toyotomi and gets
captured. Mitsunari threatens to harm Saizo's family if he reveals their
connection. Saizo endures harsh torture before Goemon rescues him. Mitsunari
retaliates by slaying Saizo's wife and taking his son. Saizo surrenders himself
to save his son, and Toyotomi stages a public execution. While Goemon watches,
Saizo declares from the gallows that he is actually Goemon. With his words,
Saizo encourages Goemon to fulfill his obligation to Nobunaga. Toyotomi has both
Saizo and his son executed.

Toyotomi confronts Mitsunari and reveals his connection to Saizo. Mitsunari
flees the castle and gathers his army. Goemon dons Sail's _shinobi_ gear and
attacks the palace. He fights through Toyotomi's defenses and confronts him at
the top of the castle. Goemon slays Toyotomi and rescues Chacha. Mitsunari and
Tokugawa assemble their armies at Sekigahara. Their fight will determine who
will rule the country. Goemon enters the fight, dressed in Nobunaga's own red
armor. He slays Mitsunari, and charges at Tokugawa. At the last moment, Goemon
stays his hand, and extracts a promise from Tokugawa. Goemon has Tokugawa swear
to end the cycle of war and bring peace to Japan, and so fulfill Nobunaga's
dream. Goemon departs the battlefield and dies from his wounds.
