---
title: Gatchaman
---

An alien race called "Galactor" invades Earth and begins exterminating and
assimilating humanity. The only effective weapon against Galactor is the energy
from a rare stone. Dr. Nanbu recruits the few people who can harness this power
and forms an anti-Galactor team. The team, called "Gatchaman," defends Earth
from constant Galactor attacks. Nanbu's colleague Dr. Kirkland is also
perfecting an orbital weapon called the Moscone. The Moscone can direct
anti-Galactor energy anywhere on Earth. Ken and George, two old friends serving
in separate Gatchaman units, reunite in Tokyo.

Nanbu makes arrangements for Ken's team to receive Iriya, a Galactor defector.
Iriya has intimate knowledge of the Galactor, including their mysterious leader
Berge Katze. George almost sabotages the mission trying to take revenge on
Iriya. Iriya had killed George's fianc√©e Naomi many years earlier. Gatchaman
puts Iriya in a high security cell for monitoring. Iriya escapes, abducts Dr.
Kirkland and steals the controls for the Moscone. George intercepts Iriya, who
reveals himself to be Naomi. The Galactor did not kill Naomi after all, but
assimilated her instead. She is the most recent incarnation of Berge Katze.
Drunk on Galactor power, she taunts George and infects him with a Galactor
virus. She escapes with Kirkland and the Moscone controls.

Berge Katze programs the Moscone to attack the major Earth cities. Ken comes to
terms with his own shortcomings that put his team in danger. Gatchaman assaults
the Galactors' floating fortress and attempts to recover the Moscone controls.
They use the controls to divert the Moscone blasts away from their targets. Dr.
Kirkland, possessed by Galactor, destroys the controls before they can save
Tokyo. Ken and George duel with Naomi/Berge Katze. Gatchaman pilots the fortress
into the path of the Moscone to absorb the blast and save Tokyo. Ken stabs Berge
Katze and frees Naomi from Galactor before she dies. Gatchaman escapes while the
Moscone destroys the Galactor fortress.
