---
title: Frankenstein Conquers the World
---

Doctors Bowen and Kawaji apprehend a vagrant boy and bring him to their
laboratory. The boy shows symptoms of radiation exposure and is growing at an
unusual rate. They investigate and discover the boy is a result of wartime Nazi
experimentation. They created the immortal "heart of Frankenstein" and sent it
to Japan at the end of World War II. The heart was in Hiroshima when the atom
bomb hit. The heart absorbed the radiation and grew into a complete humanoid
organism. The boy, now called "Frankenstein," grows until he breaks free from
the lab and escapes.

After Frankenstein escapes, there are reports of large creature attacks in the
wilderness. The military believes Frankenstein is responsible and tries to
locate him. Bowen meets Kawai, a businessman in the oil business. He claims a
second monster is responsible. It attacked one of his ports and then disappeared
underground. Bowen and Kawaji race to find both Frankenstein and the second
creature. The must prove Frankenstein's innocence before the military can
destroy him. At all costs they must preserve his body for science.
Frankenstein's resilience to radiation is invaluable they must study his
secrets.

The second creature is a subterranean dinosaur called "Baragon." Baragon attacks
Bowen and Kawaji and Frankenstein appears to save them. Frankenstein and Baragon
grapple each other until Frankenstein snaps the dinosaur's neck. Frankenstein's
victory is brief, as a giant octopus appears from a nearby lake. The octopus
entangles Frankenstein in its tentacles and drags him underwater. Bowen and
Kawaji watch as their precious specimen disappears and drowns.
