---
title: The Red Spectacles
---

In the mid 90s, in response to rising violent crime, a heavy armor mobile police
force forms. This new unit was even more violent in their tactics than the
criminals themselves. The public outcry forced them to disband. Three officers -
Koichi, Ao, and Midori - attempt to flee the country with their gear. Vigilante
civilians surround them, pinning them down. The wounded Ao and Midori urge
Koichi to make a run for it. Koichi leaves alone, promising to return.

Three years later, Koichi returns a country that is bleak and unrecognizable. He
escapes an assassination attempt at his hotel. He contacts a former spy
accomplice, who betrays him to Bunmei, head of the secret police. Bunmei
interrogates him, but his objectives are obscure. Koichi escapes and searches
for Ao. Ao admits to cooperating with the new government in exchange for a
lighter sentence. Koichi bears him no ill will, but Ao betrays him anyway, and
Koichi winds up back in Bunmei's custody. This time Bunmei summons his woman,
who turns out to be Midori, to taunt Koichi. Midori later rescues Koichi and
helps him recuperate, only to turn him into Bunmei again.

Koichi's begins to lose his grasp on sanity. He finds himself retracing his
steps since he returned to the country. Along the way, Bunmei taunts him and
questions the veracity of his memories. Koichi realizes that he has been running
around on an elaborate stage the whole time. Everything he's experienced since
his return was a setup. He emerges from the theater into a towering, dark city,
covered with a mystery woman's face. He spots the woman and follows her to a
house on the edge of town. His armored suit materializes before him and he
realizes that for the last three years he was the only one waiting...
