---
title: The Human Vapor
---

Detective Okamoto investigates a series of brutal bank robberies committed under
mysterious circumstances. Hapless bank tellers turn up dead within their own
locked safes. Okamoto begins to suspect Kasuga, a retired dancer. Kasuga has
recently come into good fortune and is planning a new performance. Okamoto
discovers she's been using stolen bills for latest purchases. The police have
her detained, but she refuses to admit how she came by the money. Mizuno, a
quiet, unassuming man, turns himself in for the robberies. Okamoto is skeptical
and asks Mizuno to prove how he committed the robberies. Mizuno obliges, and
dissolves into a sentient gas. Mizuno threatens to continue his crime spree
unless Kasuga goes free.

Okamoto's reporter friend, Kyoko, manages to secure an interview with Mizuno.
Mizuno explains he developed cancer, which resulted in his discharge from the
military. A scientist, Dr. Sano, recruited him for a clinical trial. Unbeknownst
to Mizuno, Sano was a crackpot who conducted dangerous experiments. Mizuno
survived his exposure to Sano's equipment, becoming the human vapor. Mizuno
killed Sano and returned to his normal life. He became smitten with Kasuga and
gave her the stolen money so she could return to dancing.

Okamoto plans to use Kasuga's next performance as a trap for Mizuno. The police
pump a flammable gas into the auditorium, which when ignited will kill Mizuno.
Kyoko pleads with Kasuga to cancel the performance, for her sake and for
Okamoto's. Kasuga, for her part, doesn't want to disappoint Mizuno after the
kindness he showed her. She resolves to go on with the performance. Mizuno
attends Kasuga's performance in the empty auditorium. When the police's remote
detonator fails, Kasuga uses her own lighter to ignite the gas. The theater
explodes. Okamoto and Kyoko watch as Mizuno crawls out from the flames and
succumbs to his injuries.
