---
title: Godzilla vs. Biollante
---

After Godzilla's attack in 1984, clean up crews recover tissue samples of the
monster. These "G-Cells" are sought after by the terrorist group BioMajor. The
Middle East nation of Saradia thwarts BioMajor and absconds with some G-Cells.
Saradia recruits a disaffected Japanese scientist, Dr. Shiragami, to use them
for research. BioMajor bombs Shiragami's lab, destroying the G-Cells and killing
Shiragami's daughter Erika. Five years later, Shiragami has repatriated to Japan
and lives in solitude. He tends to a large rose plant grafted with Erika's DNA.
Dr. Kirishima, another biologist, gains access to G-Cells to develop an
anti-Godzilla bioweapon. He invites Shiragami to join his team. Shiragami
refuses, but changes his mind when an earthquake damages his rose plant.
Shiragami uses G-Cells to revive the rose plant, causing it to mutate.

BioMajor infiltrates Shiragami's lab to steal the G-Cells. The mutant rose plant
attacks them and then escapes. BioMajor plants bombs around Mt. Mihara, where
Godzilla lays trapped. They threaten to release Godzilla from the volcano unless
they receive the G-Cells. Kirishima attempts an exchange, but a Saradian special
agent, SSS9, thwarts both sides. SSS9 absconds with the G-Cells, and the bombs
go off. Godzilla emerges and the military struggles to repel him. Godzilla finds
the mutant rose plant, which has now grown to monstrous size in Lake Ashino. The
rose plant, now called "Biollante," attacks Godzilla, but Godzilla defeats it.
Kirishima prepares his new bioweapon, an anti-nuclear energy bacteria, for use
on Godzilla. Godzilla appears in Osaka and the military deploys the bacteria
weapons. Kirishima also manages to recover the G-Cells from a Saradian front
office in Osaka. SSS9 receives orders to assassinate Shiragami to prevent
further G-Cell research.

After several hours, the bio weapon shows no effects on Godzilla. Kirishima
theorizes that this is because of the monster's low body temperature. The
military unveils a new weather control system they can use to generate
lightning. They plant thunder mines in Godzilla's path, causing lightning to
raise Godzilla's temperature. The bacteria takes effect and Godzilla starts
losing energy. Biollante returns in a more feral form and attacks Godzilla.
Godzilla retreats to the sea to recover from the battle. Biollante dissolves
into pollen and releases Erika's spirit. SSS9 snipes Shiragami and kills him.
Kirishima chases SSS9 into the minefield, and SSS9 dies from a lightning blast.
