---
title: 'Gantz: Perfect Answer'
---

Kurono is a Gantz fighter. Gantz is a mysterious black orb that "rescues" people
from death and sends them to kill aliens. Inside Gantz is a nondescript person,
who serves as Gantz's energy source. Kurono fought alongside his old classmate
Kato. Kato died on a prior mission, and now Kurono is fighting to earn enough
points for Gantz to bring him back. Until then Kurono and his girlfriend Tae
take care of Kato's younger brother, Ayumu. One day Kato appears alive, shocking
Kurono. Kurono checks with Gantz, who still shows Kato on the roll of deceased
players. Meanwhile, Gantz has secreted a smaller version of himself to pop idol
Ayukawa. Ayukawa uses the miniature Gantz to carry out side missions for Gantz.
She hunts down former Gantz players who had earned their freedom from the games.
When she kills them, Gantz brings them back to the apartment. Ayukawa's last
target is Tae.

The next Gantz mission is chaotic, as the players and aliens converge on a
crowded commuter train. Ayukawa and Tae are also caught up in the conflict.
Kurono rescues Tae from the aliens and mops up. Kato intercepts Ayukawa and
kills her, taking the miniature Gantz. Gantz panics and scrambles the team for
another mission. He rescues Ayukawa, the former team lead, and brings her to the
apartment. Kurono's team uses their points to bring back both Kato and Nishi, a
veteran Gantz player. Nishi theorizes that Gantz's time is running short, and
the person inside him will soon die. Gantz used Ayukawa to reassemble his best
team for a final assault on the aliens. Kurono realizes that the Kato that
killed Ayukawa is in fact the Buddha alien. The Buddha alien is leading the
aliens' war against Gantz and assumed Kato's identity. If the Buddha kills Tae,
the miniature Gantz will transport him to the apartment. To keep this from
happening, Gantz sends the Gantz players to kill Tae first. Kurono splits from
the team and tries to protect Tae from both parties. Kato returns home and finds
Ayumu dead, killed by the Buddha alien as part of its vendetta.

Kurono and Kato duel with the Buddha alien on the playing field. The Buddha
alien outmaneuvers them and deals a killing blow to Tae, who dies in Kurono's
arms. The Buddha alien appears in the Gantz room after the mission, and summons
a horde of aliens to open fire on Gantz. The aliens trigger a massive explosion
to try and destroy Gantz, but the attack fails. Kurono slays the Buddha alien to
access Gantz's perfect score menu. He uses it to resurrect all the fallen Gantz
players and wipe their memories. Kato reunites with Ayumu and Tae comes back to
life. Tae doesn't remember Kurono but feels his loss. Gantz takes Kurono to live
inside of him and sustain him. The war on the aliens finally ends.
