---
title: Kiki's Delivery Service
---

Kiki is a young witch who has turned 13, the age when witches leave home for a
year of training. Kiki arrives in a tranquil seaside town and takes a room at a
bakery, run by Osono. After helping Osono with some deliveries, Kiki decides to
set up her own delivery service, too. Kiki's business is successful, although
she attracts unwanted attention from the boy Tombo.

Tombo is persistent, and tries to invite Kiki to a party for his flight club.
Kiki's delivery work keeps her out late, and she misses the party, and even
falls ill. After she recovers, Osono schemes to have her meet with Tombo. She
sends Kiki out to deliver a package to Tombo's address. They bond over their
love of flying. They go visit the dirigible moored at the harbor. Tombo's other
raucous friends arrive, which displeases Kiki, and she leaves. Tombo tries to
get back in touch with Kiki, but she continues to hold him at arms length.
Because of her emotional confusion, Kiki starts to lose her magic powers. Soon
she can't even ride her broomstick.

Kiki visits with Ursula, a friend she met on an earlier delivery. Kiki confesses
that she had been training to be a witch for the sake of being a witch. Ursula
encourages her to find a purpose to her training, so that her powers will
return. Kiki hears news of an air accident; the dirigible came loose from its
moorings and struck a tower. Tombo hangs high in the sky holding onto one of the
anchor ropes while the dirigible hovers over the town. Kiki races to the scene
and grabs a nearby broom. Her powers return, and she is able to glide up to
Tombo and rescue him. Tombo and Kiki become friends again.
