---
title: Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla
---

Keisuke, a construction worker, and Masahiko, his brother, visit Okinawa.
Masahiko discovers a strange piece of metal while exploring Gyokusen Cave.
Keisuke, meanwhile, uncovers a buried shrine to King Caesar, an Okinawan deity.
Saeko, an archaeologist, recovers a detailed statue from the shrine. She also
records prophecies about the return of King Caesar. Keisuke defends Saeko from a
mysterious assailant who tries to steal the statue. Masahiko learns that the
metal he found is space titanium, and does not originate from Earth. Saeko sees
signs that the prophecies of Caesar are about to come true.

Godzilla appears in the countryside and battles his erstwhile monster ally,
Anguirus. Keisuke finds large chunks of space titanium in the aftermath of the
battle. A second Godzilla arrives and exposes the first one as a fake. The
imposter sheds its disguise and reveals itself to be a robot, made of space
titanium. This robot, Mechagodzilla, belongs to the ape-like aliens bent on
conquering Earth. Godzilla and Mechagodzilla's battle ends in a draw. The aliens
recover Mechagodzilla and repair it. Godzilla withdraws to a remote island,
where lightning strikes him and grants him a new power.

Keisuke and Saeko learn that the statue is key to summoning King Caesar. They
solve the riddles in the prophecies to open up King Caesar's cave and wake him.
The aliens dispatch Mechagodzilla to fight King Caesar. Godzilla arrives and
sides with Caesar. Godzilla uses his new power to turn himself into a magnetic
pole. He traps Mechagodzilla in his magnetic field and dismantles it. Masahiko
teams with Interpol agents to destroy the aliens' control center. King Caesar
seals himself back in his cave and Godzilla returns to the sea. Keisuke and
Saeko return the statue to the Azumi royal family in Okinawa.
