---
title: Godzilla vs. Mothra
---

A meteorite falls in the Pacific Ocean, and causes a fierce typhoon. The Thai
police arrest Takuya, a Japanese vagabond, for trespassing on sacred grounds.
The Marutomo company negotiates his release in exchange for his cooperation.
Takuya goes to Infant Island to survey Marutomo's development damaged in the
typhoon. He discovers the giant egg of Mothra, guarded by her twin fairy
priestesses, the Cosmos. The Cosmos tell Takuya the legend of Mothra and her
battle against Battra. Battra tried to destroy humanity to protect the Earth.
Mothra defended humanity from Battra, until both monsters went into hibernation.
The Marutomo company arranges to have Mothra's egg transported to Japan.

Godzilla appears at sea and threatens the egg's convoy. Takuya cuts the egg
loose to save the ship. The egg hatches into a larval Mothra, who tries to fend
off Godzilla. The revived Battra also appears and attacks Godzilla. Mothra
escapes while Godzilla and Battra take their fight underwater. An undersea
volcano erupts and consumes both Godzilla and Battra. The Marutomo company,
upset at losing the egg, settles for the Cosmos instead. They take them into
custody and plan to use them for promotions. Takuya breaks into Marutomo and
rescues the Cosmos, but holds onto to them for his own purposes. Mothra travels
to Tokyo and Takuya gives up the Cosmos to pacify her. Mothra builds a cocoon on
the Diet Building and prepares to transform.

Godzilla emerges from Mount Fuji and heads for Tokyo. Mothra completes her
transformation in time to confront Battra, who has also returned. Mothra and
Battra fight in the air over Tokyo until Godzilla arrives and attacks them both.
Mothra defends Battra and convinces it that Godzilla is the greater threat to
the Earth. Battra and Mothra join forces to defeat Godzilla. They carry him out
to sea. Battra dies from its injuries, and both he and Godzilla plummet into the
ocean. Mothra and the Cosmos take off into space to stop another meteorite from
hitting the Earth.
