---
title: 'Library Wars: The Last Mission'
---

The Media Betterment Bureau wields government authority to censor materials at
will. The Library Defense corps fights the bureau to protect free access to
information. Kasahara, a Library Defense recruit, struggles with her feelings
for her superior, Dojo. Dojo inspired her to join Library Defense in the first
place, but he is a harsh instructor. A Library Defense defector burns books on
library property and frames Kasahara. Kasahara endures hours of relentless
questioning from the investigative panel. When they attempt to implicate Dojo,
Kasahara rises to his defense at the cost of her own integrity. Dojo starts to
understand how much Kasahara cares about him. Satoshi, a censorship advocate,
meets with Kasahara and tries to make her defect, too. Satoshi threatens to use
the defector's testimony against her. Dojo intervenes and saves Kasahara from
the encounter. Satoshi withdraws the defector's testimony anyway, plotting
something bigger.

The library agrees to lend its only copy of the "Library Handbook" to a "freedom
of thought" exhibit. The handbook is the legal basis of the Library Defense's
existence. The corps escorts the handbook to Mito Library, and encounter bitter
Bureau resistance. The corps discovers that Mito Library has long since caved to
the Bureau. They've already sacrificed most of their collection to the Bureau
for burning. When they took custody of the handbook, they arranged to transfer
custody to the Bureau. This arrangement gave the Bureau legal grounds to invade
the Mito Library and take the book by force. Nishina, leader of the defense
corps, realizes the object of the Bureau is not to recover the book. It's to
have legal cover for exterminating Dojo's unit, the best unit in the corps. If
the Bureau succeeds, other defense units will surrender out of fear. Library
Defense will crumble and no one will remain to oppose the Bureau.

Dojo and Kasahara escape the battlefield with the handbook, and try to deliver
it to the event venue. The Betterment forces pursue them and open fire,
crippling Dojo. Nishina interrupts a cabinet meeting to confront Satoshi.
Satoshi had been stalling the cabinet to allow more time for the Bureau to
defeat the corps. Nishina makes a stand for the corps and sways the cabinet. At
the last moment, they command the Betterment forces to stand down. Kasahara
makes it to the event venue and transfers the handbook to the organizers.
Reporters capture her arrival and add the story of that night's battle to the
exhibit. The exhibit raises awareness of the corps' mission, and the value of
freedom of thought. Dojo recovers from his injuries and decides to reciprocate
Kasahara's feelings for him.
