---
title: Rebirth of Mothra
---

While out at his logging site, Goto’s team uncovers what appears to be a
prehistoric shrine. Goto pries a metal pendant from the rock to take home to his
daughter Wakaba. Little does he know that the pendant was the seal holding back
the evil Death Ghidorah. The Elias, diminutive female priestesses, are aware of
the broken seal. Belvera, the eldest Elias, hunts for the pendant, hoping to use
it to enslave Death Ghidorah to her will. Her sisters, Moll and Lora, are also
in pursuit of the pendant, so that they can repair the seal.

Belvera invades Wakaba’s home, where she battles with Moll and Lora and absconds
with the pendant. She travels back to the excavation site, where she possesses
Goto and forces him to open the last seal. Death Ghidorah rises and drains the
life force out of the surrounding forest. Moll and Lora summon Mothra to battle.
Mothra is old and weak, and unable to withstand Death Ghidorah’s attacks.
Sensing her distress, Mothra’s egg hatches into a caterpillar and joins the
fight. Even together, though, they are still no match for Death Ghidorah, and
retreat. Mothra perishes at sea, leaving the caterpillar to fend for itself.

The caterpillar flees to a nearby island while Death Ghidorah continues its
attacks. The caterpillar completes its metamorphosis into an adult Mothra. The
new Mothra, Mothraleo, duels with Death Ghidorah and wins. Moll and Lora take
advantage of Death Ghidorah’s weakened state to seal it away once more. Belvera,
deprived of her power, escapes in the commotion. Mothraleo flies over the
decimated forest and breathes new life into it. The Elias leave Goto with a firm
warning not to arouse Death Ghidorah again.
