---
title: The Eternal Zero
---

Kentaro, a struggling law student, attends the wake for his grandmother.
Afterwards, Kentaro learns that his grandfather, Oishi, is not his real
grandfather. His real grandfather was a fighter pilot, Kyuzo, who died in a
kamikaze mission in World War II. Kentaro's sister, Keiko, takes him with her to
interview Kyuzo's surviving comrades. Most of the soldiers they meet consider
Kyuzo a coward who was too quick to flee from combat. Finally they meet Izaki,
Kyuzo's fellow pilot, who reminisces about him. Kyuzo was a fine pilot and
loving husband to Matsuno. Together they had a daughter, Kiyoko. Kyuzo was
tenacious and determined to survive the war by any means for the sake of his
family. For this reason he avoided close combat, which caused some of his
comrades to call him a coward. Despite this Kyuzo upraided his comrades to value
their own lives more than their honor. When Izaki crashed in the open ocean, he
fought for his own survival to respect Kyuzo's wishes.

Kentaro interviews Takeda, another of Kyuzo's comrades. Takeda was a student
drafted during the latter stage of the war. Kyuzo trained Takeda and his
classmates to be pilots, but Kyuzo refused to graduate them. The students
realized that they were being farmed for kamikaze missions. Kyuzo risked his
rank and reputation to keep them from going straight to their deaths. Finally
Kentaro interviews Kageura. Kageura detested Kyuzo at first for avoiding combat.
He challenged Kyuzo to a mock dogfight and realized that Kyuzo was a deadly
fighter pilot. Kageura reversed his opinion of Kyuzo and became his most fervent
defender. Towards the end of the war Kageura found Kyuzo working as a mission
escort for kamikaze pilots. The ordeal tortured Kyuzo, who had to watch his old
students flying away to their futile deaths. Finally Kyuzo himself volunteered
to be a kamikaze. Kageura tells Kentaro that on the morning of the mission,
Kyuzo switched planes. The pilot he switched with had to make an emergency
landing while Kyuzo continued on to his death. Kentaro discovers that the other
pilot was none other than his step-grandfather, Oishi.

Kentaro and Keiko confront Oishi. Oishi confesses to being the other pilot. When
he dropped out of the mission, he discovered a letter from Kyuzo hidden in his
cockpit. Kyuzo knew his plane would malfunction and switched with Oishi on
purpose. Kyuzo's letter instructed him to find his wife Matsuno and assist her
any way he can. Oishi visits Matsuno and Kiyoko and provides for them. Matsuno
resented Oishi at first since he had survived and Kyuzo did not. Over time,
though, Oishi's persistence wins her over, and she accepts him. From that time
they never mentioned Kyuzo again, but neither was he forgotten.
