---
title: The Magic Serpent
---

Yuki Daijo, allied with the sorcerer Orochi, betrays his lord and assumes the
throne. Master Hiki, Orochi's old master, whisks away the orphaned prince,
Ikazuchi. Hiki raises Ikazuchi to wield magic in combat so that he can avenge
his father and defeat Orochi. Years later, when Ikazuchi is grown, Orochi
discovers their whereabouts. he sends ninjas to kill them. Ikazuchi survives the
attempt but Hiki succumbs and dies. Ikazuchi decides the time is right to reveal
himself in public. He uses his own powers to cause trouble for Daijo and Orochi.

Ikazuchi befriends a young girl, Sunate, who is searching for her long lost
father. They are both befriended by Morobe, a friendly traveler. Unbeknownst to
them, Morobe is a thief working for Orochi. He kidnaps Sunate and delivers her
to Orochi, and reveals that they are father and daughter. Orochi tests Sunate's
loyalty to him by tasking her with slaying Ikazuchi. She sends her with Morobe.
When she cannot bring herself to perform the deed, Morobe decides to release
her. His own daughter died because of his meddling with Orochi, and he doesn't
wish to repeat his mistake. Together they distract Orochi long enough for
Ikazuchi to attack Daijo's castle.

Ikazuchi summons a giant frog to destroy the castle and trample Daijo to death.
Orochi flies to the castle and transforms into a dragon to battle with Ikazuchi.
Sunate also transforms into a giant spider and tips the battle in Ikazuchi's
favor. They exhaust their power, and revert to their human forms. Ikazuchi duels
Orochi and defeats him. Rather than take the throne, Ikazuchi decides to
renounce it in favor of a simple life with Sunate.
