---
title: Spiral
---

Ando is a pathologist struggling to cope with the death of his son. Ando
performs an autopsy on his colleague, Takayama, who died under mysterious
circumstances. Takayama's ex-wife, Asakawa, and recently reestablished contact,
but has now gone missing. Ando interviews Mai, Takayama's assistant. He learns
about a cursed videotape that Takayama had been investigating with Asakawa.
Anyone who watches the tape dies within seven days unless they copy it and show
it to someone else. Ando is skeptical but continues to learn about the tape and
the spirit that possesses it, Sadako. Ando meets Yoshino, a news editor who used
to work with Asakawa. Yoshino gives Ando a copy of the tape and Ando watches it.
Ando has a startling vision of Sadako, and realizes the tape is genuine. He
believes that Takayama's spirit has planned events so that Ando would receive
the tape. Now it's Ando's responsibility to destroy all copies of the tape.

Ando meets with Yoshino and takes the last remaining copy of the tape. He also
obtains Asakawa's diary, in which she detailed her investigation into Sadako.
Yoshino dies, despite claiming to have never watched the tape. Ando destroys the
tape so that he will be the curse's last victim. He comes to depend on Mai for
comfort during his last few days, and becomes intimate with her. On the evening
of his last day, Ando tries to reach Mai, but she has disappeared. Ando's
colleague, Miyashita, studies the victims of the cursed tape. He deduces that
they died from a virus, but he can't explain how they contracted it through a
videotape. Miyashita shows symptoms of the virus, and they suspect Asakawa's
diary is also cursed. Mai returns, to Ando's relief, although her personality is
different from before. Police recover a corpse from near Mai's apartment, which
also resembles Mai. Ando realizes that the Mai who returned is actually a reborn
Sadako.

Ando confronts Sadako. She explains that he passed her virus from himself to
Mai. Sadako manipulated Mai's DNA to grow herself a new body. She also reveals
that Takayama is not trying to stop Sadako. Takayama is trying to assist her in
exchange for a new body of his own. Sadako tempts Ando to help her by promising
to resurrect his dead son, too. Sadako's plan disgusts Ando but he can't pass up
the chance to see his son again. Ando and Miyashita work together to cultivate
the DNA Sadako requires. Sadako takes it and resurrects both Takayama and Ando's
son. Takayama tells Ando that Asakawa's journal will become a novel soon. Its
publication will further spread Sadako's virus...
