---
title: Godzilla vs. Destoroyah
---

Birth Island, home of Godzilla and Little Godzilla, disappears in a volcanic
eruption. Then Godzilla appears in Hong Kong with a new, fiery color to his
chest and dorsal plates. Spectral readings show excess fission in Godzilla's
heart, which threatens to explode. It was Godzilla's energy that destroyed Birth
Island and presumably killed Little Godzilla. Such an explosion would have
catastrophic consequences for Earth. G-Force devises countermeasures to lessen
the impact of the explosion. Kenichi Yamane, grandson of the famed Dr. Yamane,
joins G-Force as a consultant. He proposes a new Oxygen Destroyer to use against
Godzilla before he can explode. Forty years ago the Oxygen Destroyer killed the
original Godzilla. Its creator, Dr. Serizawa, died to protect its secrets. Dr.
Ijuin, a chemist, has studied what remains of Serizawa's research. He has
invented "micro-oxygen," a substance that shares the Oxygen Destroyer's
destructive potential. Yamane and his sister, Yukari, try to persuade Ijuin to
build a new Oxygen Destroyer.

Ijuin examines soil samples from an underwater transit tunnel. He realizes the
tunnel is being built where the original Oxygen Destroyer detonated. The
anaerobic conditions revived a colony of prehistoric, microscopic creatures. The
creatures mutate and escape from Ijuin's lab. They grow to enormous size and
infest a construction side outside the city. The military attempts to destroy
the creatures, but they are too many and too powerful. The creatures then merge
into a single creature, dubbed "Destoroyah." Little Godzilla returns, now
mutated into a larger form called Godzilla Junior. Yamane decides to use Junior
to lure Godzilla to the mainland. Destoroyah has inherited the destructive
powers of the Oxygen Destroyer. If Destoroyah fights Godzilla, it might destroy
Godzilla before he can explode.

Junior and Destoroyah fight, and Junior is victorious. Godzilla and Junior
reunite at Haneda Airport. Destoroyah revives and mutates into its final,
towering form. Destoroyah attacks and kills Junior, then turns on Godzilla. As
the two monsters fight, G-Force realizes that Destoroyah is the worse threat.
G-Force sends its forces to assist Godzilla, and their combined strength defeats
Destoroyah. Godzilla heart begins to meltdown, and G-Force brings its arsenal to
bear on him. Godzilla disintegrates and unleashes a cloud of fatal radiation on
the City. While Yamane watches, the radiation disappears from all his scopes.
Junior absorbs all the radiation and mutates into a new, full grown Godzilla.
