---
title: Mushi-shi
---

During the Meiji Era, the common folk contend with supernatural creatures called
_mushi_. _Mushi_ take many shapes and forms and cause all sorts of ailments. A
one-eyed shaman named Ginko travels the countryside curing those afflicted with
_mushi_. Ginko has much knowledge of _mushi_ but no memory of his own childhood.
He receives a letter from a childhood friend, Tanyu, asking him to come see her
at once. He also meets Koro, a traveler in search of a "rainbow bridge" that he
and his father once saw together. Ginko suspects Koro is searching for a _mushi_
called _kouda_, and decides to help him find one.

Tanyu records stories of _mushi_ from travelers, so she can seal them in her
writing. Ginko and Koro arrive at Tanyu's and find her ill from the _mushi_
_tokoyami_. She had recently met a blind woman, Nui, who told her about
_tokoyami_. The _mushi_ took her husband and son into its lake, and she
continued living there to study it. She took in an orphan, Yoki, who also became
curious about the lake. Nui discerned that _tokoyami_ was a _mushi_ of darkness.
Beneath _tokoyami_ dwelt another _mushi_, _ginko_, a _mushi_ of light, an
eyeless fish. _Ginko_ protected the other fish from _tokoyami_ in exchange for
one of their eyes. Nui already offered one of her eyes to _ginko_. One night Nui
broke the dam on the lake to try and flush away _tokoyami_, but Yoki followed
and fell into the water. _Ginko_ rescued them both but claimed one of Yoki's
eyes and Nui's remaining eye. Yoki lost his memory and wandered away, leaving
Nui completely blind and alone. Ginko realizes that he is Yoki, and he called
himself "Ginko" after the _mushi_ that saved him. Ginko absorbs the _tokoyami_
infesting Tanyu into himself and heals her. Tanyu recovers and seals _tokoyami_
in her writing.

Ginko and Koro leave Tanyu's and travel through a low valley region nestled in
the mountains. At night Ginko and Koro chase after _mushi_ and witness a superb
display of _kouda_. Koro has satisfied his lifelong dream to see the "rainbow
bridge" again and returns to his village. Ginko continues traveling in search of
a _kouki_ spring. _Kouki_ is the substance that gives life to _mushi_. Ginko
encounters Nui, consumed by _tokoyami_. Nui realizes that there is a _mushi_
inside of Ginko, which happens to also be _ginko_. The _ginko_ awakes and purges
the _tokoyami_ from Nui. Ginko carries Nui to rest at the _kouki_ spring.
