---
title: 'Eko Eko Azarak III: Misa the Dark Angel'
---

A disfigured woman materializes on a busy intersection, screaming for Misa
Kuroi. She dies and the authorities have her examined. Misa Kuroi, a witch,
arrives to witness the autopsy. She discovers that the woman's corpse has
deteriorated due to extra-dimensional demonic forces. Misa examines a burnt page
found with the body and learns it is a script. She tracks down the script's
author Aya, a high school student producing a play for her drama club. Misa
joins the drama club to learn more. The script describes an occult ceremony to
create a homunculus, an artificial human. The club travels to an older facility
off campus for dress rehearsals. The facility stands atop the remains of the
original school which burnt down years ago. During the rehearsal, an evil force
overpowers the girls and they recite an actual spell. The spell casts everyone
into a dimension where the school building still stands.

Robed monsters appear and threaten the girls. Misa tries to protect them in
vain. One by one, each girl falls into a nightmare, forced to relive their past
trauma, before dying. Only Misa, Aya, and Hikaru, the drama club president,
remain. Misa investigates below the school and finds an ancient chamber. The
spirit of Etori, a sorcerer and founder of the school, appears to Misa. Etori
descends from a clan of sorcerers obsessed with creating the perfect homunculus.
He expected to train the homunculus so it could restore his sorcery to the
world. He had the school building removed to another dimension until the
appointed time. Misa dispels Etori's spirit and draws a protective circle around
Aya and Hikaru. She leaves her medallion with Aya and keeps searching the
school.

Hikaru steps outside the circle and tells Aya that they are both, in fact,
homunculi. Etori created them many years ago in the ancient chamber. Hikaru's
purpose is to prepare Aya to become the ultimate homunculus. When Misa returns,
Hikaru stabs her and makes her a sacrifice for the homunculus ritual. Hikaru
forces Aya to consume the souls of the other girls to become the final
sacrifice. When Aya cries over Misa, her emotions trigger a spell in the
medallion and Misa revives. Misa duels with Hikaru, casting her into the past
where she dies in the city street. Afterwards, Aya lays in hospital in a coma.
Misa visits her in her dreams and tells her she is a human now, not a
homunculus. Misa casts a spell to wipe Aya's memory of the ordeal so she can
live on in peace.
