---
title: Mechanical Violator Hakaider
---

In the city of Jesus Town, the totalitarian Gurjev controls the population.
Gurjev wants to create a utopia by suppressing human emotion through microchip
implants. A menacing robot appears riding a motorcycle and breaks into Jesus
Town. Gurjev sends his men to destroy it, but they are powerless against the
robot's might. The robot meets a group of freedom fighters, led by Kaoru. The
robot fascinates Kaoru because of his resemblance to a figure from her dreams.
Gurjev consults with Michael, another robot and his second-in-command. Gurjev
reveals that the robot, Hakaider, is his creation. He used Hakaider many years
ago to keep order in the early days of Jesus Town. Hakaider grew wild and
reckless, and Gurjev imprisoned him. Before he could dismantle Hakaider, rebel
scientists took and hid him. Now Hakaider has awoken and seeks revenge against
his maker.

Kaoru tries to convince Hakaider to join her cause. The other freedom fighters
disillusion Hakaider and he refuses. Gurjev's forces attack and slaughter the
freedom fighters. Hakaider disappears in the conflagration, and Michael stabs
Kaoru. Kaoru stumbles through the streets of Jesus Town and meets Hakaider, who
has survived. Hakaider delivers her to a hidden oasis, where she dies. Hakaider
lays Kaoru to rest and then moves on Gurjev.

Hakaider infiltrates Gurjev's headquarters and destroys the building's main
power generator. When Hakaider reaches Gurjev's control room, he duels with
Michael. A brutal fight follows, which Hakaider wins when he decapitates
Michael. Gurjev attempts to woo Hakaider back to his side, but Hakaider refuses.
Gurjev unleashes a new, much larger robot on Hakaider. The robot dismembers
Hakaider, but Hakaider destroys it with his hidden chest laser. Hakaider emerges
victorious once again, and confronts Gurjev. Hakaider is willing to let Gurjev
live, and turns to leave. When Gurjev attempts to shoot him in the back,
Hakaider flies at him and kills him in one blow. Hakaider departs Jesus Town,
leaving it in the care of its residents.
