---
title: Moon Over Tao
---

Suikyo, a wizard, comes down from his mountain to meet his former lord Takaoki.
Takaoki has recovered a mysterious sword of incredible strength. Takaoki sends
Suikyo, along with his retainer Hayate, to find out where the sword came from.
Suikyo suspects his rival, the evil wizard Kakugyo, is responsible. Meanwhile,
Renge, a forest girl, witnesses the arrival of three extraterrestrial beings. An
argument breaks out among the aliens. The two aggressors vanish, leaving a third
one to die from its wounds. Renge approaches the dying alien and receives the
Tao, a chime that has the power to seal the Makaraga. The other two aliens,
Abira and Marien, disagree over how to use the Makaraga. Marien wants it sealed
away forever, while Abira wants to take it back to their home planet to lead a
revolution.

Suikyo and Hayate rescue Renge from bandits wielding more of the mysterious
swords. Renge leads them to the bandits' hideout, where they are all taken
captive. Suikyo confirms that Kakugyo made the swords, using metal stripped from
a meteorite. Kakugyo extracted a small white core from the meteorite, which he
keeps as his prize. Suikyo and Kakugyo duel, and their violence awakens a power
inside the core. Kakugyo offers blood to the core, which hatches into the
Makaraga. The Makaraga, a bloodthirsty monster, feasts off of Kakugyo's men and
grows to a fearsome size.

Marien arrives at the hideout and the bandits kill her. Before dying she
instructs Suikyo and Hayate to use the Tao to seal the Makaraga. The Makaraga
senses the danger and consumes the Tao to prevent them from using it. Suikyo
uses explosives from Kakugyo's armory to destroy the Makaraga and free the Tao.
The Makaraga reforms itself from the pieces and kills Hayate. Renge recovers the
Tao and seals the Makaraga. Abira arrives to take custody of the Makaraga. Moved
by Marien's sacrifice, she resolves to do as she intended and seal away the
Makaraga forever. Suikyo and Renge bury Hayate, and Suikyo returns to his
mountain.
