---
title: Matango
---

A group of wealthy socialites find themselves lost at sea when a storm sends
their yacht off course. They happen upon a small island, where they take refuge
in the wreckage of a research vessel. The ship is still well stocked, but there
is no sign of the crew. Sakuta, the skipper, takes charge of the castaways. He
attempts to organize them and assign them duties while he repairs the yacht.
Kenji, a teacher, and Akiko, one of his students, are eager to help. The other
castaways, though, are too caught up in their own intrigues. Mami, a nightclub
singer, sows discord among the other men in the group. She uses her charm on the
wealthy Kasai, the bookish Yoshida, and the deckhand Koyama. All three men grow
jealous of each other.

The only abundant food on the island are mushrooms, which the castaways are
loathe to eat. Yoshida eats them in secret and becomes more confident and
violent. Sakuta steals the remaining provisions and escapes with the yacht. The
yacht drifts back to the island days later with no sign of Sakuta. Yoshida
struggles with the remaining castaways, killing Koyama. The castaways exile
Yoshida and Mami from the ship.

Mami returns to the ship and lures Kasai away with the promise of food. She
leads him to a grotto where the mushrooms grow. Kasai eats one and has
psychedelic visions. Kasai spots Yoshida, covered in fungus and out of his mind.
A horde of mushroom men accost Kasai and abduct him. The mushroom men are what
remain of shipwrecked sailors who ate the mushrooms. They attack the ship and
kidnap Akiko. Kenji pursues them but is unable to rescue Akiko from the allure
of the mushrooms. Kenji escapes in the yacht and returns to Japan. The
authorities commit him to an asylum, where he pines for Akiko while his own body
starts to grow fungus.
