---
title: Samurai Reincarnation
---

The Shogun outlaws the practice of Christianity. He puts down a religious
uprising, the Shimabara Rebellion, executing all the rebels. One of the martyred
Christians, Shiro Amakusa, revives as a vengeful spirit. Amakusa renounces his
faith and makes a bargain with demons. In exchange he receives occult powers
with which to take revenge on the Shogun. Amakusa enlists deceased warriors and
jilted lovers, turning them into demons as well. He sends Lady Hosokawa to
seduce the Shogun and distract him from his duties. She also entices him to
commit atrocities against the peasantry. Amakusa himself takes revenge on the
officials who carried out the Christian massacre.

Munenori Yagyu, the Shogun's sword master, uses the last of his strength to
defeat one of the demons. Amakusa tempts Yagyu, and adds him to his demon crew.
Yagyu's son Jubei learns of his father's fate and searches for a way to stop the
demons. Jubei meets with Muramasa, an exiled swordsmith and convinces him to
help him. Muramasa crafts a demon-slaying sword for Jubei. Tensions between the
Shogun and the peasants reach a tipping point. Amakusa leads the peasants in a
rebellion against the Shogun's castle. Yagyu executes the Shogun's retinue while
Hosokawa sets fire to the castle. Hosokawa and the Shogun perish in the blaze.

Jubei arrives and duels with his father while the castle crumbles around them.
Jubei manages to disarm his father and kill him. Amakusa appears and tempts
Jubei to join him in his father's place. Jubei rejects his offer and duels him,
too. Jubei manages to decapitate Amakusa. Before disappearing, Amakusa's
disembodied head promises to return and complete his revenge.
