---
title: Magnitude 7.9
---

Kawazu is a meteorologist studying Mount Mihara. He has recently noticed some
disturbing trends and warns of an imminent earthquake. His institute is not
convinced by his data and dismisses his warning. Kawazu is persistent, and
alienates himself from the institute. His wife, Yuko, is the daughter of the
institute's founder. His controversial opinions and long days in the field have
estranged her. Kawazu faces pressure to resign from the institute before he
dishonors Yuko's family.

Kawazu's assistant Tomiko conspires with Masayuki, a reporter, to publicize
Kawazu's predictions. She believes Kawazu is right about the earthquake and
wants to warn as many people as she can. Kawazu upstages an official gathering
with the Prime Minister to share his predictions. Masayuki captures the exchange
on video. Immediately the press hounds the government for a response to Kawazu's
warnings. The government puts a gag order on Kawazu and bars him from appearing
on television. The institute ousts Kawazu from his position, while Yuko files
for a divorce.

When Kawazu and Yuko take one last train ride together, the fated earthquake
strikes. Tokyo is immediately brought to ruin, with thousands killed. The tunnel
collapses on Kawazu's and Yuko's train and water from the bay begins to fill the
coaches. Kawazu finds an opening in the rubble, but it is too small for anyone
to fit through. On the other side he spots a leaking gas pipe. Kawazu uses his
lighter to cause a gas explosion, sacrificing himself to clear the rubble. The
water drains out of the tunnel and the survivors climb to the surface. Yuko
mourns the loss of her husband. The Prime Minister surveys Tokyo and regrets
ignoring Kawazu's warning.
