---
title: 'Ring 0: Birthday'
---

Tragedy strikes a school production of _The Mask_ when the lead actress dies
backstage. The drama troupe promotes their apprentice, Sadako Yamamura, to take
her place. The troupe is suspicious of Sadako; they've all had strange visions
since she arrived. Toyama, the troupe's sound engineer, becomes smitten with
her. Shigemori, the director, is also infatuated with Sadako and makes crude
passes at her. Shigemori then discovers that Sadako's mother was Shizuko, an
infamous medium. Shizuko allegedly killed a reporter during a demonstration of
her power years ago. Shigemori confronts Sadako and attempts to blackmail her to
become his lover. Toyama intervenes and throws Shigemori off of her. Shigemori
dies in the fall. Rather than heap more suspicion on Sadako, Toyama hides the
body and keeps it secret from the troupe. Toyama confesses his love to Sadako,
and they decide to leave together after the play is over.

Meanwhile, Miyaji, a reporter, is also zeroing in on Sadako. The reporter who
died at the demonstration was Miyaji's fiancé. She interviews Sadako's teachers
and hears rumors of two Sadakos. One is meek and timid; this is the Sadako
acting in the play, in love with Toyama. The second is a malevolent spirit that
lashes out when Sadako feels threatened. Miyaji blames Sadako's darker half for
her fiancé's death and resolves to expose her. Miyaji meets Etsuko, the troupe
seamstress. Etsuko loves Toyama and distrusts Sadako, so Miyaji enlists her in
the plan to expose Sadako. Miyaji gives Etsuko a recording of the demonstration,
and she sneaks it into the sound booth. On _The Mask_'s opening night, she plays
the tape instead of the expected sound effects. Sadako panics onstage as she
remembers the incident. Her psychic energy causes the electrical equipment to
malfunction and destroy the stage. The audience flees, and in the commotion
Miyaji catches a glimpse of the second Sadako. The troupe discovers Shigemori's
corpse, and accuse Sadako. They descend on her and feather to death over
Toyama's objections. Miyaji tells the troupe about the second Sadako. They go to
find Sadako's father, Dr. Ikuma, bringing her corpse with them.

At Ikuma's home in the woods, they find the room where he kept the second Sadako
empty. Ikuma chastises the troupe for bringing Sadako's body. They have lured
out the second Sadako, and now they will merge. Sadako revives and Toyama tries
to flee with her into the forest. Sadako urges him to leave her, but he refuses.
The two Sadakos merge, transforming into a malevolent, vengeful spirit. The new
Sadako kills Toyama and the entire acting troupe, saving Etsuko and Miyaji for
last. In the aftermath, Ikuma finds Sadako in her original state, weeping over
her actions. Ikuma attempts to drug her, but she runs again, pausing at the well
outside his home. Ikuma clubs Sadako and sends her falling into the well...
