---
title: 'Assassination Classroom: Graduation'
---

Class 3-E nears graduation and struggles to assassinate their teacher,
Korosensei. Korosensei is a towering, tentacled creature of near limitless speed
and power. He has threatened to destroy the earth within the year. The students
toil to find Korosensei's weakness. One of the students, Kayano, grows her own
set of tentacles and attacks Korosensei. She blames him for the death of her
sister, Aguri. Aguri was a former teacher at their school. Nagisa, another
student, subdues Kayano long enough for Korosensei to remove her tentacles. The
incident prompts Korosensei to reveal his past to the class.

Korosensei used to be human, and was infamous as a skilled assassin. The
authorities finally captured him, but he did not stand trial. Instead he became
a human test subject for antimatter experiments. The experiments caused him to
change form and grow tentacles. One of the scientists was Aguri, who worked
part-time as 3-E's teacher. Yanagisawa, Aguri's fiancee, was cruel to her, and
Korosensei bore a grudge against him. Yanagisawa sent lab mice from the
antimatter experiments to the moon. Their cell division went critical and
destroyed the moon. Yanagisawa realized Korosensei's body would destroy Earth in
the same way. Yanagisawa tried to have Korosensei killed, but Korosensei used
his powers to escape. The defense systems deployed to stop him killed Aguri on
accident. Aguri's last request was for Korosensei to finish teaching Class 3-E.

The students realize that one way or another, Korosensei must die to save Earth.
The military launches a satellite laser weapon to destroy Korosensei from orbit.
They arrest the students to keep them out of the danger zone. The students learn
that the military never intended for one of them to kill Korosensei. They were
bait to keep Korosensei distracted until the laser weapon was ready. The
students still want responsibility for their teacher's fate and escape
confinement. They reunite with Korosensei in the danger zone. Yanagisawa
appears, covered in tentacles, to challenge Korosensei. Yanagisawa has the
advantage until he injures Kayano. Korosensei flies into a rage and uses an
energy attack to destroy Yanagisawa. Korosensei senses his end is near and
allows the students to kill him. The students hold him down while Nagisa stabs
him. Korosensei's body disintegrates, and the military stands down. Years later,
Nagisa also becomes a teacher, in honor of Korosensei.
