---
title: Gunhed
---

In the 2030's, scientists discover the revolutionary new element Texmexium.
Texmexium powers the next revolution of supercomputing, which gives rise to
advanced AI. One AI, Kyron, goes rogue and declares war on humanity. The
resulting conflict depletes the world supply of Texmexium and its value
skyrockets. A band of treasure hunters scours the Earth's surface for signs of
Texmexium to harvest and sell. They land on an abandoned island, designated 8JO.
Unbeknownst to them, 8JO is Kyron's last holdout. Kyron's defenses kill many of
the treasure hunters. Soon only three remain: Baby, Bombay, and Brooklyn. They
encounter a stranded army ranger, Nim, who is chasing a rogue bio bot that
landed on 8JO earlier. The bio bot attacks the survivors and kills Bombay. Baby,
Brooklyn and Nim follow the bio bot into Kyron's core. The bio bot has a vial of
Texmexium, and offers it to Kyron to resume its war on humanity. Baby fights the
bio bot and they both fall into the core. Nim retrieves the vial and retreats
with Brooklyn.

Nim and Brooklyn meet two war orphans living on 8JO, a boy Seven and his sister
Eleven. They've survived by hiding in Kyron's blind spots. They show Brooklyn a
junkyard filled with old Gunheds, armored robots sent to fight Kyron. Brooklyn
repairs one and brings it online. The Gunhed unit informs them that Kyron
requires both the Texmexium and a keyword entry at its core. Nim is doubtful of
Brooklyn's chances with the old Gunhed, and takes Eleven with her to destroy
Kyron. Brooklyn and Seven get the Gunhed operation and use it to fight through
Kyron's defenses.

Brooklyn and the Gunhed encounter Aerobot, Kyron's last line of defense. They
manage to defeat it but it leaves the Gunhed crippled. When Nim approaches the
core, the defense separate her from Eleven, who is carrying the vial. Kyron
attempts to force Eleven to enter the keyword, but Nim rescues her. The bio bot
reappears and threatens them. Brooklyn realizes that the bio bot has assimilated
Baby, who is still conscious. He reaches out to her, causing her to resist
Kyron's instructions. The bio bot chooses to self destruct rather than attack
her comrades. In retaliation, Kyron triggers its self destruct protocol to
destroy 8JO. The Gunhed delays the countdown so everyone can escape on
Brooklyn's plane. They watch from a safe distance when the island detonates.
Brooklyn receives a last transmission from Gunhed, saying its mission is
complete.
