---
title: 'Genghis Khan: To the Ends of the Earth and Sea'
---

Temujin is born to Mongol parents Hoelun and Yesugei. Yesugei abducted Hoelun
from a rival clan, and Temujin's true parentage is ambiguous. Yesugei takes
Temujin to visit a neighboring clan to find a wife. He betrothes Temujin to
Borte, the daughter of the clan chieftan. Temujin also forms a bond with kindred
spirit Jamukha. Before they return home, the Tartars betray Yesugei and kill
him. Yesugei's clan treats Temujin as illegitimate and exiles him with Hoelun.
Many years later, Temujin grows to manhood and decides to take hold of his
destiny. He claims Borte as his wife, offending Jamukha, who had planned to
marry her in Temujin's absence.

Temujin's clan is waylaid by the Merkits, who capture Borte. Temujin joins with
Jamukha and the Toghrul clan to rescue Borte. Borte is with child, and it is not
known if Temujin is the father. When the child, Jochi, is born, Temujin shuns
him, fearing that the child will grow to resent and betray him. Hoelun repimands
Temujin, reminding him that Yesugei never cared about his own parentage. Despite
this, when Jochi becomes a man, Temujin sends him away to the north.

Jamukha, who is vying for sole khanship over the clans, sets his forces against
Temujin, his only rival. Temujin defeats and captures Jamukha, but refuses to
slay his childhood friend. Jamukha insists that Temujin execute him, and Temujin
relents and does so. Temujin gains the title "Genghis Khan" and assumes control
of all the clans. He sends for Jochi to join him, but Jochi refuses due to ill
health. Temujin travels north and finds Jochi on his deathbed. Temujin and Jochi
reconcile before Jochi dies. Temujin sets his sights on the land of China, and
arrays his armies against the Great Wall. He notches an arrow, dedicates it to
Jochi, and leads the charge.
