---
title: 'Death Note: The Last Name'
---

Light Yagami joins the Kira investigation team, led by his father Soichiro.
Unbeknownst to the team, Light himself is Kira, the mass murderer of criminals.
L, a master detective, is already convinced of this, but lacks proof. Light
possesses a Death Note, supernatural book that can kill with a name. Light
attempts to learn L's true name so he can write it in the Death Note and kill
him. A complication arises when a copycat Death Note killer, "Kira #2," makes
his debut. Kira #2 also possesses "the eyes," a shinigami gift allowing him to
know a person's real name with a look. Kira #2 wreaks havoc at an outdoor TV
event before the police secure the scene. Light heads home from the studio and
meets Misa Amane, one of the network's hottest pop stars. Misa is actually Kira
#2, and she idolizes Light, the original Kira. He and Misa join forces to
discover L's true identity. Misa's shinigami, Rem, warns Light against any
tricks that could put Misa's life in danger.

Light arranges for Misa to meet L in public so that she can see his true name. L
is one step ahead of Light and has already suspected Misa of being Kira #2. L
has Misa detained and placed under observation. To spare Light, Misa allows Rem
to wipe her memory of the Death Note, which also costs her the ability to use
the eyes. Rem urges Light to rescue Misa, and he concocts a plan to exonerate
her. Light confronts L head on and submits himself to observation alongside
Mida. He instructs Rem to find a third Kira with his Death Note. Light has his
shinigami, Ryuk, wipe his memory as well. Rem gives his Death Note to Takada, an
investigative reporter following Kira. Takada becomes the new Kira and plans the
killings to coincide with her news program. The new spate of killings exonerates
Light and Misa and they're released. Light leads the team and they identify
Takada as Kira. They ambush her and Light grasps the Death Note, regaining his
memories. Light uses a secret scrap of Death Note to kill Takada. Light sends
Misa to recover Ryuk's Death Note, causing her memory to return, too. Misa is
unable to remember L's name after her time in confinement. She trades away half
her lifespan to regain "the eyes."

L sends Rem's Death Note away with Soichiro. Then L confronts Light and asserts
that Misa is Kira #2 and he will have her interrogated again. Rem senses that
Misa's life is in danger, and executes L to save her. Rem crumbles into dust for
the crime of saving a human life instead of taking it. Misa brings Ryuk's Death
Note and Light writes Soichiro's name in it. Soichiro reappears in HQ, but he is
now aware of Light's true identity. He summons his investigative team and
arrests Light and Misa. L appears, alive, and claims victory over Light. L wrote
his own name in the Death Note first, scheduling his death for a future date.
Since he wrote his name first, nothing would change his fate, not even another
Death Note. Light urges Ryuk to kill Soichiro and the other investigators. Ryuk
betrays him and writes his name in the Death Note instead. Light dies, and L
closes the case. Soichiro plans to keep Kira's identity as secret from everyone,
including his family. L destroys the Death Notes, wiping Misa's memories one
last time, and dies shortly after.
