---
title: Message from Space
---

The robot-like Gavanus invade and conquer the peaceful planet of Jillucia. The
last hope of the Jillucians are the seeds of Liabe. The Jillian elders disperse
the seeds into space to find the fated heroes that will save their world.
Princess Emeralida and her bodyguard, Urocco, set out to follow the seeds and
meet with the heroes. The first chosen are Aaron and Shiro, two hot rodding and
reckless pilots. Their shyster friend, Jack, also receives a seed. The retired
General Garuda receives a seed, along with his robot companion Beba-2. Media, a
spoiled rich girl joyriding in her father's spaceship, receives a seed as well.
The selection of heroes displeases Urocco, as none of them are warriors save
Garuda. Jack, in need of cash, betrays Emeralida and Urocco to the desert
people. The desert people strand Urocco to die in the wilderness. The Gavanus
appear and destroy the desert people, kidnapping Emeralida. Urocco tries to take
revenge on Jack, but the Gavanus capture Jack, too. Aaron, Shiro and Meia rescue
and take care of Urocco. They decide to follow their destiny as heroes of Liabe
and go to Jillucia.

Prince Rockseia of the Gavanus probes the brain of a desert person. He discovers
its memories of Earth and desires it. He converts Jillucia into a space vessel,
using a nuclear engine to hurl it towards Earth. Earth rallies its space forces,
but is unable to overcome the superior might of the Gavanus. Earth contacts
Garuda and pleads with him to stall the invasion while they regroup. Meanwhile,
Aaron's party encounters Hans, the lost prince of Gavanus. He was the rightful
heir to the throne of Gavanus, but Rockseia usurped him and exiled him. He has a
seed of Liabe, marking him as a fated hero. Aaron, Shiro, Meia, Urocco and Hans
join with Garuda and Beba-2 and head for Jillucia.

The heroes meet with the Jillucian elders. They've decided to sacrifice what's
left of their planet to stop the Gavanus and save Earth. They plan to destroy
the nuclear engine, which will also destroy the Gavanus. Urocco is furious at
the plan and betrays the elders to the Gavanus. Rockseia prepares them for
execution, and forces Urocco to be witness. Urocco sacrifices himself to open
the path to the Gavanus fortress and the engine. Aaron and Shiro pilot their hot
rod ships into Jillucia's core and destroy the engine. They cause a chain
reaction that consumes the planet. Hans duels Rockseia and kills him, satisfying
his revenge. The survivors board the last remaining Jillucian ship and escape.
The Jillucians decline Earth's offer of asylum. They choose instead of follow
the heroes of Liabe into space in search of a new home.
