---
title: Battle Royale
---

In the future, Japan takes drastic steps to counteract juvenile delinquency. The
government creates the "Battle Royale" program, or "BR." BR selects one school
class per year to compete in a fight to the death on a deserted island. Only one
student can survive. The lottery selects Nanahara's class for this year's game.
The class's former instructor Kitano gives them the briefing. During the
briefing, Kitano kills Nanahara's friend Kuninobu as an example. When the game
begins, Nanahara pairs with Nakagawa, Kuninobu's crush. Nanahara promises to
protect her from the other students for Kuninobu's sake.

Nanahara and Nakagawa befriend Kawada, a transfer student. Kawada was not part
of their class; the BR program put him in as a wild card. Kawada is a veteran of
a previous BR game. At that time he had to kill his own girlfriend to survive.
He "volunteered" to be a wild card so he can take revenge on the BR program.
There is another transfer student in the game, too. Kiriyama is a psychopath who
kills many students for his own amusement. Kiriyama attacks Nanahara's group,
and Nanahara leaves the group to lure him away. He leaps off a cliff into the
ocean to escape. A group of female classmates recover him and bring him to the
lighthouse. His presence causes their uneasy truce to disintegrate, and more
bloodshed ensues. Nanahara leaves the lighthouse and reunites with Kawada and
Nakagawa. Before long the only players left are Kiriyama and Nanahara's group.
Kiriyama and Kawada engage in a firefight and Kawada succeeds in killing
Kiriyama.

Kawada turns on Nanahara and Nakagawa and shoots them. Kitano brings him to the
island's control center and accuses him of cheating. Kawada can deactivate the
tracking bracelets used by the BR program. He staged the deaths of Nanahara and
Nakagawa to gain access to the control center. Nanahara and Nakagawa appear,
too, and confront Kitano. Kitano reveals he manipulated the game to let Nakagawa
win, because she was the only student who was kind to him. Kitano is lonely and
demands Nakagawa kill him. Nanahara kills him instead. The three students flee
the island on a boat. Kawada dies from his injuries. Nanahara and Nakagawa
arrive on the mainland and become fugitives together.
