---
title: Rebirth of Mothra 2
---

Uranai, a girl from Okinawa, happens upon a small furry creature named Gogo. The
evil fairy Belvera searches for Gogo, and plans to use it to find the mystical
treasure of Nilai-Kanai. Opposing Belvera are her sisters, Moll and Lora, who
help Uranai and Gogo. Gogo and Uranai travel out into the sea, where Gogo dives
and uncovers the pyramid of Nilai-Kanai. As the pyramid rises out of the sea,
the monster Dagara appears and attacks it. The pyramid’s defenses rebuff the
monster, but will not hold him out for long. Moll explains that the ancient
people of Nilai-Kanai were an advanced civilization. They created Dagara to
devour pollutants in the ocean. Dagara then used the pollutants to manufacture
Berum, toxic starfish. It produced Berum in numbers so great they threatened to
suffocate the planet. The ancients buried Dagara, but now the monster has
returned. It's attacking the pyramid to try and destroy the power that lives
inside it.

Moll and Lora summon Mothraleo to battle Dagara while Uranai explores the
pyramid. The Berum attack Mothraleo, and he seeks shelter from the top of the
pyramid. Uranai finds the chamber of the Princess of Nilai-Kanai. A vision of
the Princess appears, and Belvera, Moll and Lora compete for the Princess’s
attention. Belvera wishes to use the treasure of Nilai-Kanai to wipe out
humanity and save the planet’s future. Moll and Lora wish to destroy Dagara
instead, and preserve hope for humanity. The princess reveals that the
"treasure" is none other than Gogo. Because Gogo has a human-like soul, the
princess has already decided to save humanity.

Uranai carries Gogo to the top of the pyramid, where Gogo uses its life force to
cleanse Mothraleo of the Berum. Mothraleo pursues Dagara underwater, and
prevents it from producing any more Berum. The pyramid’s power ensnares Dagara
and self-destructs, killing the monster. Uranai escapes and returns to the
shore. The princess’s voice entrusts her with the future of humanity, else her
decision will have been in vain.
