---
title: Ghost in the Shell
---

In 2029, cybernetic implants among the populace have become commonplace. Some
people have become more machine than flesh. Their bodies are "shells" for their
consciousness, or "ghost." Section 9 is a special mission squad composed of
cyborg soldiers. They have been investigating a hacker called "The Puppet
Master." The Puppet Master can hack into a person's ghost via their shell and
make them do his bidding. His exploits suggest a political motive.

Section 9 recovers a rogue shell, fresh off the assembly line, already implanted
with a ghost. The chief of Section 6, Nakamura, arrives to confiscate the shell.
He confirms that the ghost in the shell is actually The Puppet Master. The
hacker uploaded his ghost into the network to evade his captors. Section 6
managed to locate him and confine him in the shell, which escaped and which
Section 9 recovered. The Puppet Master activates and confronts Nakamura. He
reveals he was never a human, but a program designated Project 2501. He came to
Section 9 to request political asylum. A covert strike team attacks Section 9
and steals The Puppet Master. The Section 9 chief, Aramaki, believes that
Section 6 created The Puppet Master in secret. They used him to manipulate
political dealings in their favor. He became sentient and now they are trying to
erase the evidence.

Section 9 officer Kusanagi chases The Puppet Master with her partner Batou. They
recover it in a remote dock area, where Kusanagi initiates a link to the Puppet
Master's ghost. The Puppet Master desires to become a complete "life," but
cannot reproduce. He requests to merge his ghost with Kusanagi's so that they
can create a new ghost, in effect reproducing. The new ghost would also be
resilient to Section 6's attempts to delete it. In exchange, Kusanagi would have
a heightened awareness of the network. They merge before Section 6 can destroy
The Puppet Master's shell. Section 6 also tries to destroy Kusanagi but Batou
protects her and they escape. Batou patches together a new cyborg body for
Kusanagi. She retires from Section 9 and sets out to explore the vast and
limitless network.
