---
title: Kaiji
---

Kaiji is a bum in a dead end job, struggling to make ends meet. A loan shark,
Endo, accosts him and demands he pay up loan he cosigned for a friend. She
entices him to try his luck at a gambling event on a cruise liner, and he
accepts. Kaiji boards the vessel and finds out he is only one of hundreds
attending the event. Tonegawa, an executive with the mysterious Teiai
organization, explains the rules. Everyone receives three gold stars, and a hand
of rock-paper-scissors cards. Contestants play against each other for stars.
Anyone who uses up their cards and still has three stars can leave with their
debts paid. Those that do not get taken into a side room and aren't seen again.
Kaiji works with the timid Ishida to use up all their cards in ties and keep
their stars. Ishida realizes too late that he has one unused card. Kaiji decides
to join Ishida in his fate.

Kaiji and Ishida become slaves for Teiai. They're sent to work underground
constructing a compound for the Teiai president. They meet Sahara, an ill slave
who is unable to work. The warden threatens to send Sahara to the "Brave Men
Road." The Brave Men Road turns out to be a death-defying game for slaves that
are unable to work. Kaiji and Ishida volunteer to go with Sahara to the Brave
Men Road, where they have a chance to win their freedom. The object of the game
is to cross the gulf between two skyscrapers on a pair of steel beams. They
receive vouchers they can cash in after they cross. The contestants are halfway
over the gulf when a storm begins, and panic ensues. The contestants fall off
the beams to their death until only Kaiji, Ishida and Sahara remain. Ishida
fears he won't survive the game and gives his voucher to Kaiji. He asks him to
redeem it for his daughter, who is suffering under his debt. Kaiji presses
forward and looks back to discover that Ishida has fallen without a sound. Kaiji
and Sahara complete the crossing and pry open a window into the next building.
The window bursts open, flinging Sahara off the ledge to his own death.

Kaiji attempts to cash in his vouchers, and Tonegawa taunts him. Kaiji accuses
Tonegawa of cowardice, catching the attention of the president of Teiai. The
president allows Kaiji to challenge Tonegawa to one last game: E-card. In
E-card, players play as either a slave or an emperor. The slave is at a
disadvantage, but the payout is 50 times that of the emperor. Kaiji decides to
play the slave, hoping to further humiliate Tonegawa. After losing the first two
rounds, Kaiji concocts a plan to beat Tonegawa. He appeals to Endo, who also
wants to humiliate Tonegawa, and convinces her to sponsor him for one more
round. Kaiji tricks Tonegawa into playing the emperor's only losing hand, and
Kaiji wins. The president sends Tonegawa underground to work as a slave as
penance. Kaiji receives a payout and goes free. Kaiji and Endo celebrate their
winnings, but Endo drugs Kaiji and absconds with most of the money. Kaiji takes
what's left and delivers it to Ishida's daughter, as he promised.
