---
title: Assassination Classroom
---

A mysterious event causes a chunk of the moon to disintegrate. A tall, yellow,
tentacled creature appears and claims responsibility. He also claims that he
will destroy the Earth itself within a year. Until that time he assumes control
of Class 3-E at Kunugigaoka High School. 3-E has the poorest performance of the
entire school and is full of misfits and delinquents. The creature offers them
the chance to assassinate him before graduation. The military further
incentivizes the students by offering a ten billion yen reward. The students
name the creature "Korosensei."

Korosensei is quick and agile, and assassinating him proves difficult. Despite
the assassination attempts, Korosensei treats each student with respect and
sincerity. Over time the students bond with Korosensei. The military grow
nervous and sends professional assassins to speed things up. Among these are
Itona, a boy with tentacles, and Takaoka, a violent gym instructor. The students
thwart these efforts and resolve to kill Korosensei themselves. At the end of
the year Korosensei makes a deal with the class. Whoever earns a top score on
their end-of-term exams can remove one of his tentacles. Six students manage to
do so. The students prepare an elaborate trap to kill Korosensei after removing
his tentacles. Korosensei panics and encases himself in an indestructible
crystal membrane. While in this form the students can't kill him, but he is also
immobile.

Takaoka and Itona return to Class 3-E and attempt to kidnap Korosensei to
reclaim their pride. Two of the students, Nagisa and Karma, lure Itona into a
trap that neutralizes his tentacles. Nagisa severs them and Itona returns to his
senses. Nagisa stalls Takaoka until the rest of the class can subdue him. The
military takes over the situation and takes custody of Korosensei. They bury him
in anti-creature explosives that will detonate as soon as his shield drops.
Korosensei's escapes with his super speed and resumes teaching 3-E.
