---
title: 'Lupin III: The Castle of Cagliostro'
---

Lupin III, a master thief, tries to track down the origin of counterfeit bills
known as "goats." He suspects the secretive Cagliostro family produces them but
hasn't yet proved it. He spots Count Cagliostro chasing a young girl, Clarisse,
and tries to rescue her. Cagliostro captures her, but she leaves her ring with
Lupin. Lupin announces his intentions to Cagliostro, to infiltrate his castle
and rescue Clarisse. Zenigata, an Interpol detective with a grudge against
Lupin, learns of Lupin's boast. He offers his services to Cagliostro. Lupin
bypasses Zenigata's defenses and attempts to return the ring to Clarisse. Lupin
and Zenigata both fall prey to the castle's traps and wind up in the dungeons.

Lupin and Zenigata escape discover the printing press used for making the goats.
Zenigata gathers the evidence he needs to build a case against Cagliostro. Lupin
sets fire to the remaining goats. Zenigata is unable to commit his superiors to
charging the case. The Cold War superpowers have accepted large sums of of goats
from Cagliostro. Exposing him could inflame international tensions. Lupin,
meanwhile, learns that the Count plans to marry Clarisse to claim her heirloom.
They both inherited matching rings that together unlock a secret hidden
treasure.

Lupin disrupts the wedding and absconds with Clarisse and the rings. Zenigata,
acting within his purview, drags a camera crew along to chase Lupin. He leads
them to the counterfeit presses, exposing Cagliostro's operation on live
television. Lupin and the Count duel inside the castle's clock tower. The Count
threatens Clarisse, forcing Lupin to reveal the secret of the rings. They will
reveal the treasure when placed in special sockets on the clock face. The Count
steals the rings from Lupin and lets him and Clarisse fall into the moat below.
The Count places the rings, but dies when the activated clock mechanism closes
up on him. The clock tower collapses and opens up the aqueduct, draining a
nearby lake. The "treasure" turns out to be the archaeological remains of a
Roman city hidden under the lake. Lupin bids farewell to Clarisse and flees
before Zenigata can apprehend him.
