---
title: 'Hara-Kiri: Death of a Samurai'
---

Hanshiro, a ronin, requests to commit seppuku at the court of Kageyu. Kageyu
bids Hashiro listen to the story of Motome. Motome was another ronin who had
also asked to commit seppuku in his court. At that time, sympathetic lords would
take pity on such ronin and offer them money instead. As this became more
common, there were some ronin who abused the kindness of the lords and made a
mockery of them. When Motome appeared, Kageyu's vassal Hikokuro advised him to
make an example of the ronin. Kageyu forced Motome to follow his word and commit
seppuku. It was a gruesome affair since Motome had sold his sword for a bamboo
blade. Motome suffered until Kageyu had mercy and struck the fatal blow.

Motome's story does not affect Hanshiro, and he insists on committing seppuku.
He requests Hikokuro be present as his second. Kageyu's men can't find Hikokuro,
and Kageyu suspects Hanshiro is not being honest with him. Hanshiro reveals that
he has already dueled Hikokuro and taken his top knot. Hikokuro has hidden
himself in shame. Hanshiro further reveals that Motome was his own ward, the son
of his former lord, who died after the last war. His lord lost favor with the
shogun and sent Motome away to live with Hanshiro in poverty. Motome grew and
married Hanshiro's daughter, Miho, and they had a daughter together. The
daughter became ill, and Motome sought money for a doctor. They did not see him
again until Kageyu's men delivered his corpse to his house. The child had
already died, and Miho was overcome with grief and took her own life.

Hanshiro admits Motome was wrong to abuse the kindness of the the local lords.
He also accuses Kageyu of dishonoring his house by his callous rejection of
Motome. Hanshiro unsheathes his own bamboo blade and humiliates Kageyu's men in
combat. Hanshiro finally defaces the ceremonial armor that symbolizes the honor
of Kageyu's house. Hanshiro surrenders and Kageyu's men slay him. Kageyu hurries
to restore the armor so he can maintain appearances.
