---
title: King Kong Escapes
---

Dr. Who is a criminal mastermind that has built a giant robot, Mechani-Kong.
Madam Piranha, a representative of a small bloc country, procures Who's
services. She has him use Mechani-Kong to mine for the volatile Element X in the
Arctic. Mechani-Kong cannot withstand the radioactive energy of Element X and
breaks down. Who decides to capture the real Kong and force him to mine for
Element X instead.

Who's rival, Dr. Nelson, has been monitoring Kong from aboard his research
submarine. Nelson makes a rare landing on Kong's island, along with his
subordinates Susan and Nomura. A dinosaur attacks Susan, but Kong appears and
rescues her. Kong bonds with Susan, a fact which Nelson notes when he presents
his report to the UN later. Piranha overhears the report and forwards it to Who.
Who's men capture Kong and sedate him. When Nelson's crew returns to the island
to check on Kong, Who kidnaps them, too. Who attempts to hypnotize Kong into
mining for Element X. When that fails, he tries to leverage Kong's feelings for
Susan. Kong flies into a rage and breaks out of Who's compound, swimming toward
Japan.

Susan and Nelson also escape from Who. Nelson advises the military to steer
clear of Kong. Susan reunites with Kong in Tokyo and tries to calm him. Who
dispatches Mechani-Kong to apprehend Susan and threaten Kong. Kong battles with
Mechani-Kong. Both apes ascend Tokyo Tower. Mechani-Kong drops Susan, but Kong
rescues her. He sets her down on the tower, and Nomura climbs to up retrieve
her. Madam Piranha, disillusioned with Who's fanaticism, sabotages the controls
for Mechani-Kong. Who shoots her, but is too late to save his robot.
Mechani-Kong plummets from Tokyo Tower and shatters. Kong next charges into the
harbor and destroys Who's vessel, killing the mad scientist. Susan calls out to
Kong, but Kong is already on his way back to his island home.
