---
title: Returner
---

Miyamoto is a mercenary who spends his nights taking out human traffickers on
his turf. One night he runs into the notorious gangster Mizoguchi, a man he has
sought to kill since childhood. Miyamoto traps Mizoguchi, but before he can kill
him, a girl appears and distracts him. Mizoguchi escapes. The girl, Milly, begs
Miyamoto for help, claiming to be on an important mission. Miyamoto dismisses
her, but she threatens him with her futuristic technology. She uses a speed
booster to plant an explosive on his neck. Milly agrees to deactivate the
explosive if Miyamoto will assist her. They travel to a nearby mountain, where
they find a UFO crash site. Milly explains that she is from the year 2084, when
mankind is at war with the alien Daggra race. She leapt into an artificial time
tunnel so that she could prevent the war from starting. She meant to capture and
kill the alien when it landed, but the government has already cleaned up the
crash site.

Mizoguchi gains access to the secret lab housing the alien and its ship. He
triggers the ship's weapons system, which destroy a nearby mountain. The
resulting destruction pleases Mizoguchi and he decides to steal it for his own
use. Milly and Miyamoto raid the institution and locate the alien, but Milly
does not recognize it as a Daggra. Mizoguchi appears, forcing Milly and Miyamoto
to flee. Miyamoto explains to Milly that he has a vendetta against Mizoguchi.
Mizoguchi preyed upon his childhood friends when he was a trafficker years ago.

Later Milly realizes that the alien, an unshielded Daggra, is innocent. But
Mizoguchi will trigger a war if he harms the Daggra, which he is likely to do.
Miyamoto and Milly infiltrate Mizoguchi's hideout on an oil rig and recover the
alien. Miyamoto uses Milly's speed booster to beat Mizoguchi's men. He and
Mizoguchi duel, and Miyamoto finally slays Mizoguchi. A Daggra ship appears,
disguised as an airliner, to recover the alien. The Daggra return to their
mothership and disappear into a wormhole. Milly begins to fade away as the
future changes. She thanks Miyamoto before disappearing. Later, Miyamoto
survives an assassination attempt from another gangster. He finds an armor plate
slipped into his jacket, along with a note from Milly. She knew he would die
from assassination, and snuck back from the future to save him and repay her
debt to him.
