---
title: High and Low
---

Gondo is a prominent shareholder in a shoe company. His rival shareholders
prefer to cut corners to improve profits. Gondo despises the craftsmanship of
the latest product and takes drastic action. He arranges to buy out the other
shareholders and take majority control of the company. He puts up his home and
possessions as collateral. On the eve of the transaction, Gondo receives a call
from a man who claims to have kidnapped his son. Gondo's son returns unharmed,
but his chauffeur's son has gone missing. Gondo realizes that the kidnapper took
the wrong child by mistake. Undeterred, the kidnapper demands a ransom from
Gondo to ensure the child's safety. Gondo would have to sacrifice his position
in the company and his possessions to pay the ransom. But Gondo is also the only
one able to pay the exorbitant sum demanded by the kidnapper.

Gondo recruits Tokura, a detective, to help with the case. Tokura and his men
work to gather as much evidence as possible. The kidnapper instructs Gondo to
throw the ransom money from the window of a passenger train. The detectives take
photo and video from every angle in an attempt to identify the kidnapper. They
recover the chauffeur's son, but Gondo is now on the verge of bankruptcy and
destitution. Tokura vows to bring the kidnapper to justice for Gondo's sake.

Tokura's men identify two accomplices who retrieved the ransom from the train
tracks. The accomplices turn up dead from a drug overdose. Tokura focuses on
Ginjiro, a medical intern connected with them. He sets a trap for Ginjiro and
tricks him into thinking the accomplices are still alive. The detectives observe
Ginjiro procuring heroin to attempt another overdose. Ginjiro tests it on a
hapless, drugged out prostitute to confirm its effectiveness. Tokuro intercepts
Ginjiro and arrests him. Ginjiro receives the death sentence, and makes his last
request a meeting with Gondo. Ginjiro confesses that he concocted the kidnapping
out of jealousy. Ginjiro lived in relative poverty, but always in view of
Gondo's estate on a hill overlooking the city. He thought the ransom would bring
Gondo down to his level. Gondo has started from scratch working for a much
smaller company. He regrets losing his house and possessions, but relishes his
work. Ginjiro can't accept the the gulf that still separates him and Gondo and
goes mad with despair.
