---
title: 'L: Change the World'
---

L is an eccentric, world-renowned detective. He has beaten the mass murderer
known as Kira, who used the Death Note to execute his victims. L survived Kira's
attempts to kill him by writing his own name and the terms of his death into the
Death Note first. He was unable to rescue his caretaker, Watari, from Kira's
grasp. He now only has 20 days left to live before the Death Note claims him. L
resolves all his open case files and spends his remaining time in his
apartments. Two children appear to shake him out of his reverie. The first is an
unnamed, mute boy from Thailand who happens to be a math prodigy. The boy had
been with F, another of Watari's pupils on a secretive mission. The second is a
girl, Maki, the daughter of a virologist. Her father, Nikaido, killed himself to
prevent a deadly virus from escaping his lab. A group of environmental
terrorists, Blue Ship, seek the virus so they can unleash it on humanity. Blue
Ship targeted Nikaido at the advice of his colleague, Kujo, another of Watari's
pupils. Nikaido left a vial of the virus with Maki, and she injected herself
with it to prevent Blue Ship from using it. She vows revenge on Kujo for her
father's death. L finds himself targeted by Blue Ship for sheltering Maki. He
takes both children with him and seeks help from another virologist.

L meets Matsudo, another of Nikaido's colleagues, and they attempt to make an
antidote. L realizes that the boy has survived an outbreak of the virus while in
Thailand. Matsudo identifies a compound in the boy's blood that suppresses the
virus, and uses it for his work. Maki, overcome with hatred for Kujo, arranges a
meeting with her so she can kill her with the virus. Kujo betrays Maki and Blue
Ship captures her. They sedate her and the Blue Ship terrorists disguise her as
a patient, with Kujo as her physician. They board a plane bound for America.

The plane is about to taxi when L appears on the runway delays the flight. Kujo
cuts Maki, causing the virus to spread by contact among the passengers. L boards
the plane and distributes the antidote to the crew and passengers. The Blue Ship
terrorists are too weak from the effects of the virus to resist. L saves Maki
and keeps her from taking her revenge. The authorities arrest Kujo and the
terrorists. When L's time is almost up, on his last day, he takes the boy, who
he has named Near, to Watari's orphanage.
