---
title: Gamera the Brave
---

Toru, a young boy who recently lost his mother, adopts a wild turtle he hatched
from a nearby island. He found the egg resting in a large scarlet pearl. The
turtle, named "Toto," grows very fast, and can also float in the air. Toru's
friend Mai suggests to him that Toto may actually be Gamera. The last Gamera
died in the 70s while protecting Japan from the Gyaos. Toru rejects the idea
because he does not want to think about Toto dying to other monsters. Mai leaves
for Nagoya to have surgery, and Toru gives her the scarlet pearl as a good luck
charm. One day Toto disappears. Toru searches for him in vain, but must evacuate
when the monster Zedus appears. Toto reappears and is large enough to challenge
Zedus. Despite Zedus' overwhelming size, Toto manages to repel Zedus and the
monster retreats. The army captures Toto, who they call "Gamera," and transfer
him to a research facility in Nagoya.

Toru has to come to terms with the thought that Toto is in fact a young Gamera.
He also realizes that Toto needs the scarlet pearl to keep growing so he can
fight Zedus. If Toto doesn't grow stronger, he will have to self-destruct to
defeat Zedus. Toru goes to Nagoya and arrives as Zedus attacks the city. Mai's
hospital evacuates, but she senses that Toto needs the pearl. Several children
relay the pearl from Mai to Toru, so Toru can give it back to Toto. Toru pleads
with Toto not to sacrifice himself to defeat Zedus.

Toto accepts the pearl and activates his jet-powered flight. He fights with
Zedus and uses a fireball attack to destroy him. Toto collapses and the army
closes in, but the children of the city stand together to block their path. Toru
says goodbye to Toto before he takes off again. Toru finally acknowledges that
Toto is Gamera.
