---
title: 'Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S.'
---

One year ago, the anti-Godzilla robot Kiryu fought against Godzilla. Their
battle ended in a stalemate. The SDF has now almost finished repairs on Kiryu.
Chujo, a retired scientist, receives a message from the Shobijin, Mothra's twin
fairies. They rebuke the military for using the bones of the original Godzilla
to construct Kiryu. They must return the bones to the sea or Mothra will become
their enemy. If they listen, Mothra will defend Japan in Kiryu's stead. Chujo
relays their message to Prime Minister Igarashi. Igarashi is leery of Mother's
pledge since Mothra attacked Tokyo many years ago. For now he insists on keeping
Kiryu as the last line of defense against Godzilla. Chujo is also at odds with
his nephew, Yoshito, a mechanic working on Kiryu in its hangar. Yoshito loves
machines and longs to witness Kiryu in action.

Signs of Godzilla’s return increase, forcing the military to rush Kiryu’s
repairs. Despite the Shobijin's warnings, Mothra appears and tries to ward off
Godzilla. Igarashi deploys Kiryu to assist Mothra. During the battle, the
Shobijin pray to Mothra's egg. The egg hatches into twin larvae, which swim
towards Japan. Godzilla cripples Kiryu, and Yoshito climbs inside to reboot its
system. The larva come ashore and join the battle. Mothra sacrifices herself to
protect them from Godzilla. Godzilla's heat attack welds Kiryu's hatch shut and
traps Yoshito inside.

Yoshito finishes repairs and Kiryu resumes the fight. Kiryu gains the upper hand
is about to deal the killing blow. Kiryu's DNA computer goes haywire and it
pauses. Yoshito realizes that he was wrong to treat Kiryu as a mere machine and
apologizes. The larva wrap Godzilla in a cocoon and Kiryu carries him out to
sea. Kiryu ejects Yoshito and plunges into the ocean, sinking to the bottom with
Godzilla. The larva return to Infant Island with the Shobijin.
