---
title: Akira
---
It is thirty years after the end of World War III, which destroyed Tokyo. Tokyo has been rebuilt into the sprawling futuristic metropolis of Neo Tokyo. It is a time of social unrest when violent biker gangs rule the streets. One gang, the Capsules, fights their rivals, the Clowns. A boy wanders into the road and Tetsuo, a Capsule, crashes to avoid hitting him. The authorities arrest the Capsules and take Tetsuo to a military hospital. The boy Tetsuo encountered is an esper from a secret government program. There are currently three espers. A fourth esper, Akira, disappeared when WWIII started. It was Akira’s incredible power that sparked the explosion that destroyed Tokyo. The military discovers that Tetsuo has as much potential as Akira and confine him.

Kaneda, Tetsuo’s childhood friend and fellow Capsule, meets Kei, a student activist. They both agree the government is corrupt and deceitful. They team up and break into the military hospital to free Tetsuo. Tetsuo’s powers have awakened, though, and he escapes unassisted. Tetsuo realizes he does not need to rely on Kaneda’s friendship anymore and parts ways with him. Tetsuo goes on a psychic rampage through Neo Tokyo, looking for the remains of Akira.

Tetsuo reaches the Olympic Stadium, the rumored resting place of Akira. All he finds, though, are tissue samples. Tetsuo’s powers begin to overwhelm him and he becomes more destructive. Kaneda distracts Tetsuo while Kei and the other espers attempt to control him. Finally the espers converge and summon Akira from another dimension. Akira consumes the espers and Tetsuo in a singularity. Kaneda and Kei escape unharmed, although the singularity destroys most of Neo Tokyo. Kaneda and Kei ride back through the ruined city to start fresh.