---
title: Platina Data
---

DNA technology continues to advance in leaps and bounds. Advanced computers can
extrapolate a person's entire physical appearance from a single sample. Police
use the technology to identify criminals with a minimal amount of evidence.
Detective Asama is a hard-boiled cop investigating a string of child murders. He
attends a presentation on the technology but is skeptical. He realizes that the
DNA set used to train the computer includes non-criminals. He's also frustrated
that for all the pomp, the computer hasn't produced a profile for his own case.
He confronts the top scientist on the project, Kagura, over this breach of
privacy. Kagura reveals that pending legislation will make DNA sampling
mandatory.

Asama investigates the death of Tateshina, the mathematician behind the DNA
technology. The perp used the same MO as in his child cases and he suspects
there's a link. Kagura analyzes crime scene evidence and the computer produces
his own profile. Kagura flees until he can figure out how the computer
implicated him in the murder. Shiratori, a CIA plant embedded in the project,
contacts him. She asks him to access the "platinum data" records that Tateshina
was working with before she died. Asama interviews Mina, Kagura's physician, and
learns that Kagura has a split personality. Kagura developed the alternate
persona, Ryu, to cope with his father's suicide. Kagura may not remember the
crime scene if he was manifesting Ryu at the time. The mystery murderer strikes
again and kills Shiratori. Asama recovers Shiratori's cell phone and uses it to
contact Kagura to arrange a meeting.

Asama meets with Kagura and awakens Ryu's persona. He shows him a picture of the
art studio in his lab, where he painted a portrait of Tateshina. Ryu notices a
blemish on the portrait, and Asama goes to check it out. He recovers a data disk
hidden beneath the canvas and takes it to the DNA lab. The disk contains the DNA
profiles of certain lawmakers and their families. Asama realizes this is the
"platinum data." To pass legislation for mandatory sampling, these lawmakers
requested exemptions for themselves. They wanted to avoid the embarrassment of
family members implicated in criminal activity. Asama runs the murderer's sample
and the system produces Mina's profile. Kagura/Ryu confronts Mina. She confesses
she used the DNA project to act on her eugenicist theories. She identified
children with poor genetic health via the sampling and killed them. Ryu kills
Mina and surrenders to the police. Asama interviews Ryu in prison and reveals
that Kagura is the synthetic persona. Ryu was the original persona all along.
