---
title: 'Jin-Roh: The Wolf Brigade'
---

In a dystopian future, Japan faces economic collapse after its defeat in WWII.
Violent factions try to destabilize the government with demonstrations and acts
of terrorism. The Capitol Police are ill-equipped to deal with ever more
sophisticated terrorist tactics. A new paramilitary organization called "Special
Unit" forms to combat the new threat. Within Special Unit operates an even more
elite group, the Kerberos Panzer Cops. Kerberos' actions often match the
terrorists for violence. When terrorist bombs go off at a rally, Kerberos
deploys to neutralize the bomb carriers. Fuse, one of the Kerberos, finds a bomb
carrier, a young girl named Nanami, and holds her a gunpoint. Fuse hesitates,
and Nanami detonates her bomb. Fuse escapes with minor injuries, but Nanami
dies. Fuse's superiors reprimand him and remove him from active duty.

Fuse becomes obsessed with Nanami and visits her grave site. He meets her
sister, Kei, who bears an eery resemblance to Nanami. Fuse continues to see Kei
while off-duty. The relationship draws the attention of both Special Unit and
the Capitol Police. One night, Kei calls Fuse and urges him to meet her at their
usual spot. Fuse arrives and finds the whole area staked out by Capitol Police.
Fuse neutralizes them and escapes with Kei. Kei confesses that she is not
Nanami's sister. She's actually another bomb carrier the Capitol Police arrested
earlier. The Capitol Police want to disband Special Unit and reclaim sole
peacekeeping authority. They used Kei to try and entrap Fuse. Tying the Kerberos
to a terrorist would give them the political cover they need to get rid of
Special Unit.

Fuse takes Kei into the sewers to meet with other members of the Kerberos Panzer
Cops. Fuse shocks Kei by revealing that he always knew she was a plant. They
went along with the ruse to draw out the hostile faction within the Capitol
Police. The Capitol Police pursue Fuse into the sewer, but he dons his Kerberos
riot gear and eliminates them. With the conspiratorial officers dead, Special
Unit is safe. They dispose of the bodies in a junkyard. Fuse's superiors order
him to dispose of Kei as well, to secure their plan's success.
