---
title: Espy
---

ESPY is a secret team of psychic agents tasked with protecting world leaders.
Their latest assignment is to protect the Prime Minister of Baltonia. Recently,
Baltonian officials have turned up dead under extraordinary circumstances. Hojo,
leader of ESPY, believes that the culprit also wields psychic powers. Hojo sends
agent Tamura to Turkey to investigate. The enemy captures Tamura and tortures
him with electric shocks, neutralizing his powers. Tamura meets Ulrov, the
psychic mastermind of the Baltonian assassinations. Ulrov believes humans are
inferior to psychics and must die to protect world peace. He intends to incite a
nuclear exchange between the superpowers. The resulting conflagration will
exterminate humans and allow psychics to remake society. Ulrov dumps Tamura into
the ocean, and ESPY retrieves him.

Hojo suspects Ulrov will use the Baltonian peace talks to launch his plan.
Tamura and rookie agent Miki go to St. Moritz to protect the Baltonian Prime
Minister. Ulrov's assassins attempt to kill the minister but are themselves
killed by Miki. The incident upsets Miki and Hojo puts him on leave. With Miki
gone and Tamura powerless, Hojo fears they will not be able to protect the
minister. Ulrov sends assassins to kill Miki as well. Tamura rescues Miki but
falls into another trap. Pushed to his limit, Tamura regains his psychic powers
and performs teleportation. Tamura appears at the peace talks in time to thwart
an assassination attempt on the minister.

The ESPY agents converge on Ulrov's remote mansion, and a psychic battle ensues.
Tamura uses his powers to make Ulrov's fireplace erupt, smothering him in
flames. Ulrov dies, and the ESPY agents watch as his mansion crumbles in the
blaze.
