---
title: 'Attack on Titan: End of the World'
---

A hundred years ago, titans appeared and destroyed civilization. The survivors
hide behind huge concentric walls while titans roam the earth. Two years ago a
colossal titan appeared and breached the outer wall. Since then the scouting
regiment has tried to repair the wall to keep the titans out. During their last
mission, Eren, a scout, transformed into a titan and defended his friends.
Kubal, the head of the military, imprisons Eren and questions him. Kubal sees
Eren as a threat to humanity's peace. Eren's friend Armin defends him as
humanity's last hope. Eren's titan form retains his consciousness, so he could
seal the outer wall. Kubal ignores Armin's pleas and tries to have Eren
executed. A titan bursts into the trial chamber, crushes Kubal and kidnaps Eren.
Eren's fellow scouts move out to finish sealing the wall. They recover an old
warhead from Eren's ruined hometown to use on the wall.

Eren awakens in a room with Shikishima, the elite captain of the scouting
regiment. Shikishima claims he rescued Eren from the titan, and explains the
origins of the titans. As suspected, they were once ordinary humans subjected to
experimentation. They transformed into giant cannibals with insatiable
appetites. The experiments only involved a few humans, but the "titan effect"
swept all over the world like a disease. Shikishima recognizes that Eren retains
his consciousness in titan form. He tells Eren he wants his help to save
humanity. Shikishima and Eren reunite with the scouts and Shikishima reveals his
ultimate plan. He wants to destroy all the walls with the warhead so the titans
can topple the government. The humans that remain will be stronger, and he will
be their leader. Eren rejects Shikishima's plan and tries to escape with the
warhead.

Shikishima reveals that he is the titan that kidnapped Eren, and transforms.
Eren also transforms and defeats Shikishima. Eren helps the regiment place the
bomb in the wall so that they can seal the breach. Before they can detonate it,
Kubal reappears and taunts them. He transforms into the colossal titan and
attacks. The scouts repel him so they can trigger the bomb, but Kubal manages to
disable the detonator. Shikishima revives, takes the bomb himself, and hurls
himself at Kubal. The bomb detonates, destroying both of them. The explosion
causes the outer wall to crumble, sealing the breach. Eren stands atop the wall
and gazes out over the wider world for the first time.
