---
title: G.I. Samurai
---

An SDF platoon on a training exercise gets caught in a time rift, sending them
back to the Sengoku era. Iba, the platoon commander, earns the trust of local
lord Kagetora, who is a distant ancestor. Kagetora's enemies attack and the
platoon fends them off with their advanced weaponry. Iba's platoon inspires
Kagetora to take control of the country. The soldiers believe they can open
another time rift by trying to change history. They think that "history" will
give them a way back rather than allow them to change the timeline. Iba decides
to join forces with Kagetora to conquer Japan.

Iba and Kagetora achieve several major victories. Iba must also deal with
deserters and mutineers among his platoon. Chief among them is Yano, who resents
Iba's discipline. Yano steals a platoon boat and goes on raids to steal food and
kidnap women. Iba mounts a counteroffensive to kill Yano and his fellow
mutineers. The encounter hardens Iba's resolve to conquer Japan.

Iba goes to battle against Shingen Takeda, Kagetora's arch rival. Takeda studied
Kagetora's previous victories and devises strategies to counter Iba's platoon.
The strategies pay off, and Iba suffers catastrophic losses. Takeda destroys all
the platoon's vehicles and reduces Iba's force to five men. Iba charges Takeda
head on and duels with him. Iba takes Takeda's head, opening the way for
Kagetora to claim rulership of Japan. The soldiers grow restless since no rift
has opened to return them to their own time. They fear that "history" will kill
them off to prevent further damage to the timeline. Iba, for his part, prefers
life in Sengoku era Japan, since he's allowed to life and fight as he pleases.
Kagetora's family grows weary of Iba and his influence on Kagetora. They
convince Kagetora that Iba is no longer useful after the fight with Takeda.
Kagetora confronts Iba and the remaining soldiers at an abandoned shrine. Iba is
defiant, but Kagetora has them executed anyway. Kagetora grieves for them and
cremates them in the shrine.
