---
title: Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla
---

G-Force designs two new weapons to protect Japan from the monster Godzilla. One
is the giant fighting robot MOGERA. The second, Project T, is an experimental
system to control Godzilla with telekinesis. Saegusa, the leading psychic in
G-Force, lends her abilities to Dr. Okubo for Project T. They travel to Birth
Island where Godzilla lives with its offspring, Little Godzilla. Shinjo from
G-Force acts as Saegusa's escort around the island. Shinjo and Okubo fire a
receiver into Godzilla's neck. Saegusa tries to link with Godzilla using Okubo's
transmitter, but the attempt fails. Meanwhile, G-Force detects a monster
approaching Earth from outer space. MOGERA launches to intercept it in the
asteroid belt. The new monster, SpaceGodzilla, defeats MOGERA and continues its
rapid approach.

SpaceGodzilla lands on Birth Island and defeats both Godzilla and Little
Godzilla. G-Force abandons Project T and focuses on repairing MOGERA. Okubo
kidnaps Saegusa and tries to copy her brain wave patterns into his transmitter.
He hopes to recoup his losses by selling Project T on the black market. Shinjo
rescues Saegusa, and Okubo dies when SpaceGodzilla destroys his laboratory.
Shinjo volunteers to pilot MOGERA.

SpaceGodzilla lands in Fukuoka and covers the city in giant crystals. MOGERA
arrives and teams up with Godzilla to fight SpaceGodzilla. Shinjo realizes that
SpaceGodzilla draws energy from the crystals. MOGERA destroys the crystals to
weaken SpaceGodzilla. SpaceGodzilla retaliates and destroys MOGERA, forcing
Shinjo to eject. Godzilla gains the upper hand and destroys SpaceGodzilla with
an energy attack.
