---
title: Lupin the 3rd
---

Lupin the Third is an expert criminal, studying under his mentor Dawson at The
Works. After The Works' latest heist, Dawson gives his team access to his vault.
On display is the Crimson Heart of Cleopatra, a necklace commissioned by Marc
Antony. It is intact except for the ruby meant set inside it. Dawson's other
understudy, Michael, betrays Dawson and steals the necklace. Michael's crew
shoots and kills Dawson in the ensuing confusion. Lupin and Fujiko, another
understudy of Dawson, vow to track down Michael and bring him to justice.

One year later, Lupin finally catches up with Michael. Michael plans to attend a
buy/sell event with Pramuk, a corrupt Thai businessman. Pramuk has the ruby that
belongs to the Crimson Heart necklace. Fujiko questions Michael before the event
and asks about Dawson. Michael reveals that he betrayed Dawson to avenge his
father. Dawson betrayed his father years earlier when they both discovered the
necklace. At the buy/sell event, Michael pressures Pramuk to surrender the ruby.
Pramuk reveals that he was the one responsible for his father's death, not
Dawson. Pramuk circumvents the traps laid for him by Michael. Under the terms of
the event, Pramuk forces Michael to give him the ruby. Michael reconciles with
Lupin and the others and plots to invade Pramuk's secure vault at The Ark.

Lupin and Michael infiltrate The Ark and open the way for the rest of their crew
to invade. The crew runs interference while they attempt to access the vault.
Pramuk traps them in the vault and tries to suffocate them. Michael sacrifices
himself to save Lupin by blowing a hole in the vault door. Lupin relays
evidences of Pramuk's illicit dealings to the Thai police. When he emerges from
the vault, the Thai police use the evidence to arrest Pramuk instead. Lupin and
his gang abscond with the Crimson Heart. Later, back in Japan, Lupin attempts to
present the necklace to Fujiko as a sign of his love. Fujiko swipes the necklace
and flees, while the Japanese police chase Lupin.
