---
title: Attack on Titan
---

One hundred years ago, giant cannibal humans appeared and destroyed
civilization. The survivors build huge concentric walls to keep the "titans"
out. Over time the memories of the titans fade the inhabitants of the wall begin
to doubt their existence. Eren, a peasant farmer living by the outer wall,
dreams of traveling the outside world. Everything changes when a colossal titan
appears and destroys the outer wall. More titans wander in and overwhelm the
outer region, forcing everyone to flee to the next wall. The titans attack
Mikasa, Eren's childhood friend, and he believes she is dead.

Two years later, Eren is a member of the scouting regiment getting ready to go
into the outer region. Their mission is to patch the outer wall so titans stop
entering the region. The titans intercept his regiment, but Captain Shikishima
appears and saves them. Shikishima uses his omni-directional gear and swords to
outmaneuver and slay the titans. Fighting with Shikishima is Mikasa, who
survived her encounter two years ago. The attack left her scarred, and she is
not the same. Another wave of titans attacks, and Eren goes on the offensive. He
tries to use Shikishima's techniques but loses his leg to a titan. Another titan
captures his friend Armin and is about to devour him when Eren rescues him. The
titan eats Eren instead.

Mikasa's omni-directional gear fails and strands her in the path of a titan. The
titan bursts and another, fierce titan emerges from its corpse. This fierce
titan chases down the other titans and destroys them. When the fierce titan
collapses, Mikasa cuts into the nape of its neck and finds Eren tucked inside.
The scouting regiment realizes that humans and titans are the same. Shikishima
hints that he was already aware of this.
