---
title: Ballad
---

Shinichi, a timid boy bullied at school, has recurring dreams of a maiden
praying by a lakeside. Shinichi finds solace from his troubles at the Great
Kawakami Oak, the namesake of his family. One day he unearths a scroll from
beneath the oak and a mysterious power sends him back to the feudal age of
Japan. Shinichi thwarts an assassination attempt on Matabe, chief samurai of the
Kasuga province. Matabe apprehends Shinichi and brings him to the castle, where
he meets Princess Ren. Shinichi recognizes Ren as the maiden from his dreams.
Ren senses Shinichi's importance, and assigns Matabe to look after him. Shinichi
writes a letter to his parents - the same scroll that he found at the oak - and
buries it for them to find. Meanwhile, Takatora, the most powerful lord in the
region, arrives in Kasuga to take Ren as his wife. The lords of Kasuga fear
Takatora's anger if they refuse. The situation forces the deep-seated feelings
between Ren and Matabe to surface. Takatora departs and awaits their answer.

Shinichi's parents find his scroll and visit the oak tree. They are also sent to
the past, along with their car and his father's camera equipment. They reunite
with Shinichi at the castle. They explain to the lords that history remembers
neither their province nor Takatora's. The clan will vanish whether Ren marries
or not. Ren's father accepts the clan's fate and breaks off the engagement for
Ren's happiness. This enrages Takatora, and he arrays his armies to attack
Kasuga and take Ren by force. Matabe defends the castle against Takatora's
overwhelming numbers. Matabe know that they cannot hold forever and will need to
face Takatora on the field. He plans to charge Takatora's pavilion and defeat
him in a duel. The night before the charge, Ren and Matabe cast aside decorum
and confess their love for each other. Mr. Kawakami sets up his camera to take
portraits of the samurai to preserve their memory.

Matabe escorts the Kawakami's to the grove where they first arrived so they can
go back to their time. Matabe's charge does not go as planned, and Takatora's
army surrounds him. The Kawakami's realize they are still needed, and use their
car to forge a path to the pavilion. Matabe and Takatora duel, with Matabe
succeeding and taking Takatora's top knot. Takatora, ashamed by his defeat,
departs with his army. As Matabe and his men return to the castle, Matabe falls
to an assassin's bullet. Before dying he thanks Shinichi for saving him before,
giving him a little more precious time to live. The Kawakami's leave Ren with a
picture of Matabe as a keepsake, and return to their time.
