---
title: Dororo
---

In feudal Japan, a mysterious swordsman appears and slays a demon at a cantina.
The swordsman's limbs and organs are all artificial. Slaying demons restores his
body to its original form. A tomboy thief, Dororo, falls in with the swordsman,
named Hyakkimaru. He is an orphan, raised by a shaman, who also gave him his
artificial body. When he had grown into a man he learnt that demons had taken
his body as part of a bargain. He obtained a demon slaying sword and began
hunting them down to restore his body. Dororo decides to hang around Hyakkimaru
until he grows all his limbs back and steal the sword from him.

Hyakkimaru and Dororo travel far and wide, slaying demons and recovering
Hyakkimaru's body. One of the demons reveals to Hyakkimaru that they made the
bargain for his body with his long-lost father. They arrive at the castle town
ruled by the warlord Daigo Kagemitsu. Dororo has a vendetta against Kagemitsu,
who razed her village and killed her parents. She wants Hyakkimaru's demon blade
so she can slay him with it. Hyakkimaru meets Tahomaru, Kagemitsu's son, in the
city. Tajomaru takes and interest in Hyakkimaru and brings him to the castle to
meet his father. Hyakkimaru meets the queen mother, and they both recognize that
they are family. Hyakkimaru excuses himself and confesses to Dororo that
Kagemitsu is his father. Dororo does not want Hyakkimaru to commit the
unpardonable sin of slaying his kin. She agrees to abandon her vendetta if he'll
do the same.

Kagemitsu and Tahomaru both now know the truth about Hyakkimaru's existence.
Tahomaru is jealous of Hyakkimaru, since he is the first born, and plans to
assassinate him. Kagemitsu's demons entice him to kill Hyakkimaru or else
they'll withdraw their bargain. Tahomaru confronts Hyakkimaru outside the
castle. Hyakkimaru tries to avoid a fight but a stray blow kills Tahomaru on
accident. Kagemitsu arrives and duels with Hyakkimaru. Despite gaining the upper
hand, Hyakkimaru refuses to strike the killing blow. Kagemitsu makes another
demon bargain. He has Tahomaru resurrected in exchange for his own body. A demon
possesses him, but Kagemitsu retains enough of his consciousness to fall on his
own sword. Hyakkimaru slays the wounded demon, and restores his original heart.
Tahomaru succeeds Kagemitsu as ruler of the castle. Hyakkimaru and Dororo leave
together to continue hunting demons.
