---
title: The Princess Blade
---

The _Takemikazuchi_ are a roving tribe of swordsmen, living in exile in an
isolated country. Byakurai is their leader, and Yuki is their "princess"; her
late mother Azora was the queen of the tribe. Yuki meets Kuka, Azora's former
manservant. Kuka warns Yuki to beware of Byakurai. Byakurai wanted control of
the tribe and tried to marry Azora. When she refused, he killed her. Yuki
confronts Byakurai, and he tries to kill her, too. Yuki flees the tribe and
jumps aboard a passing truck driven by Takashi. When Takashi finds her in his
truck, he is distrustful and tries to threaten her. Yuki overpowers him but lets
him live, and they form an uneasy truce.

Yuki goes to meet Kuka again and learn more about Azora. The _Takemikazuchi_
arrive and duel with them. Kuka dies to protect Yuki, and she escapes. She
returns to Takashi's place and he tends to her wounds. During her recovery, she
and Takashi begin to bond with each other. Takashi reveals that he has a sister,
Aya, who he keeps hidden in a safe room in his house. Takashi had done jail time
for murdering a gang that had killed his parents, and vows to keep Aya safe.
Unfortunately he's become entangled with Kidokoro, a revolutionary. Together
they participated in terrorist plots against the dystopian government. Now
Kidokoro has returned for the final stage of his plan to topple the regime.
Takashi wants to leave the country with Aya, and invites Yuki to join them.

Yuki leaves the house and is immediately set upon by the _Takemikazuchi_. Yuki
fights them off and duels with Byakurai. Yuki manages to slay Byakurai, and the
remaining _Takemikazuchi_ disband. Meanwhile, Kidokoro arrives at Takashi's house.
He has taken a plea deal with the government. They will agree to his demands for
reform if he sells out his terrorist network, Takashi included. Kidokoro shoots
Takashi and Aya and departs. Yuki returns and comforts Takashi as he dies. Yuki
resolves to use her newfound freedom to live for Takashi's sake.
