---
title: Casshern
---

In a dystopian future, General Kamijo's dictatorship rules the Eurasian
continent. Kamijo is in ill health and he searches to means to extend his life.
He sends his confidant, Naito, to recruit Dr. Azuma. Azuma is studying the
effects of "neo-cells" on human regeneration. Kamijo gives Azuma the funding he
needs to complete his research. Azuma's son, Tetsuya, enlists in the army, over
the objections of his father. One year later, Azuma has used neo-cells to grow
many human body parts, but still cannot put them to practical use. Azuma and
Midori, Tetsuya's mother, learn that Tetsuya has died in battle. The defense
ministry bring Midori and Tetsuya's remains to Azuma's lab. A bolt of lightning
strikes the lab, leaving behind a mysterious pillar. The pillar catalyzes the
neo-cells and the organs self-assemble into complete humans. Naito panics and
tries to have them exterminated. A few of the "neo-sapiens" escape and kidnap
Midori. Azuma takes Tetsuya's corpse and submerges it in the liquid bath with
the pillar. Tetsuya revives, and Azuma has his colleague Kozuki smuggle him out
of the lab.

The neo-sapiens escape to an abandoned castle in the wilderness of Sector 7. The
castle houses a dormant robot manufacturing plant. Their leader, Burai, declares
war on humanity and uses the factory to construct a robot army. They attack
Kozuki's lab where Tetsuya is recovering. Tetsuya escapes with Kozuki's
daughter, Luna. They seek refuge in Sector 7, where Tetsuya served with the
army. Tetsuya learns the legend of Casshern, the natives' protector god.
Meanwhile, Naito supports a coup to remove General Kamijo and supplant him with
his son Mikio. Azuma finds himself ensnared in a twisted political conspiracy.
The military raids Sector 7 to kidnap the natives. Tetsuya adopts the name
"Casshern" and protects them. Luna is also taken by the military and discovers
they are vivisecting the natives. The military train arrives at the defense
ministry, where Azuma saves Luna. Azuma confronts Naito about the neo-cell
program. The pillar disintegrates and returns Tetsuya to the lab. Burai attacks
the lab, killing Naito, and takes both Tetsuya and Azuma.

Tetsuya discovers that Midori has passed away. Burai prepares a super weapon to
destroy civilization so the neo-sapiens can rebuild. The military assaults the
neo-sapiens' castle and a battle ensues. Mikio confronts Burai and reveals that
they are not "neo-sapiens," but ordinary humans. Azuma's neo-cell research did
not produce any results, so Naito had to disguise his failure. Naito had the
ethnic undesirables of Sector 7 culled and dissected. He used their organs as
pretend neo-cell human parts that Azuma had grown. Tetsuya has an epiphany and
remembers that he took part in the genocide of Sector 7. He was responsible for
the murder of Burai's family, and Naito used his corpse for the ruse at the lab.
Mikio and Burai kill each other, and Burai's super weapon inflicts massive
casualties. Tetsuya and Luna, desperate to escape the suffering, decide to run
away together. In answer, the lightning bolt - the bolt of Casshern - strikes
and whisks them to a new planet free from war and death.
