---
title: 'Parasyte: Completion'
---

Parasites infest Japan, turning many into shape-shifting cannibals. Shinichi, a
high school student, forms a bond with the parasite Migi living in his hand.
Together they hunt down and kill other parasites. Tamiya, an infected science
teacher, attempts to organize the other parasites. She believes that they will
go extinct if they cannot find a way to coexist with humans. To this end Tamiya
experiments with different aspects of human life, including motherhood. She has
recently given birth to a child, causing her to exhibit more human-like
emotions. Other parasites fear Shinichi and Migi, but Tamiya insists on leaving
them alone. She believes the bond between Shinichi and Migi holds the key to
their survival. Tamiya employs a photographer, Kuramori, to keep tabs on
Shinichi. Shinichi confronts Kuramori after he discovers Migi. Shinichi turns
the tables to proving to Kuramori that he works for the leader of the parasites.
Kuramori plans to take all his materials on Shinichi and Tamiya and publish a
big scoop on the parasites. Meanwhile, several parasites disguised as
politicians have won several local elections. They move into City Hall and make
it their headquarters. The police are onto the parasites, though. They plan an
elaborate SWAT operation to exterminate the parasites from City Hall.

The parasites mutiny against Tamiya and try to assassinate Shinichi and
Kuramori. The attempts on Tamiya and Shinichi fail, but the parasites kill
Kuramori's daughter. Kuramori kidnaps Tamiya's newborn child and forces her to
reveal herself in public. Tamiya kills Kuramori to save her child but is herself
killed when the police intervene. Shinichi takes the child from Tamiya before
she dies. Meanwhile the SWAT teams begin the systematic extermination of
parasites in City Hall. Goto, a super parasite, appears and slaughters the SWAT
team. Goto is actually many parasites, with one "head" parasite directing the
others. He targets Shinichi and pursues him outside of city limits.

Goto can sense parasite activity. As long as Shinichi has Migi bonded to his
hand, Shinichi can't outrun Goto. Migi detaches himself and distracts Goto so
Shinichi can escape. Shinichi hides outside a waste disposal plant and
collapses. He calls up his girlfriend, Satomi, and she comes and cares for him.
Shinichi discovers that trace amounts of Migi still live inside his body. Goto
finds him at the plant, and Shinichi leads him on a chase to keep him away from
Satomi. They fight inside the plant, and Shinichi stabs Goto with an infected
pipe. Migi reappears, after Goto absorbed him, and reunites with Shinichi. The
infected wound from the pipe causes Goto's parasites to revolt, and his body
rends itself. Shinichi throws Goto's corpse into the waste disposal pit. After
these events, parasite activity around Japan dies down as they learn to coexist.
Migi, exhausted from his adventures, bids farewell to Shinichi and goes to
sleep. Shinichi and Satomi pick up where they left off and resume their normal
lives.
