---
title: Godzilla vs. Gigan
---

Kotaka is a struggling comic book artists. Against all odds he lands a gig with
World Children's Land, designing a Monster Island exhibit. Kotaka becomes
suspicious of the organization. It's run by Sudo, a young man with remarkable
intelligence. Kotaka meets Machiko, who is also suspicious of World Children's
Land. Her brother, Shima, went to work with them and disappeared. She believes
Sudo is holding Shima prisoner in one of the theme park attractions. Machiko
shows Kotaka a cassette she stole from Sudo's offices. When they play it, it
emits a high frequency signal. The signal is powerful enough for the monsters
Godzilla and Anguirus to hear it across the ocean. The monsters head to Japan to
investigate.

Kotaka investigates Sudo. He discovers that Sudo's appearance exactly matches
that of a person who went missing a year ago. He suspects that the original
person is dead and Sudo is impersonating him. Kotaka attempts to rescue Shima,
but Sudo captures him. Sudo and his associates reveal themselves to be aliens.
They use the cassette tapes to summon space monsters to destroy Earth. King
Ghidorah and Gigan answer the summons and land in Tokyo. Godzilla and Anguirus
arrive and a two-on-two battle ensues.

Machiko rescues Kotaka and Shima and they alert the military. The military
stages an attack on World Children's Land. They destroy the aliens' control
room, killing Sudo and discombobulating the space monsters. Godzilla and
Anguirus take advantage of the confusion. They beat Ghidorah and Gigan until
they retreat back into space.
